Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Welcome everybody. This is Dr. Nazidi. Let's get started with today's live training and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is, huh? Something here. Okay, cool. So my microphone is working now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so make sure to turn off boot. Turn off your AI before you come in.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And, cinta, this weekend's long weekend. I choose not to take a break myself. I don't sure. I'm not sure if students are taking break or not. But anyway, so thank you for making the determination. But if you guys want to take break during the long weekend?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You need to let me know, because I decide not to take a break.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But if you want to take a break. I'm more than happy to take a break as well. Okay. So once you guys let me know. At same time, let me remove am. Turn off your AI before you come in
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me remove the one. Sec.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I sent in the wrong place.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Mine. Huh!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How can I move AI to a different?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me remove AI. Then we can get started.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It makes you turn it off before you come in.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool. Okay, welcome, everybody. So let's get started with module. 2 training
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me share my screen.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How's everybody's weekend?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, no.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I caption share my slides.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. Okay, great alright. So everybody, let's get started. Let me share my slides here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right. So today we are going to go through how to sell self module. 2. And anybody who is new do not get worried or scared. How come we start from module? 2, not from module, one. Okay. So now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: being on with training each week
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is independent of each other, each module independent of each other. So you don't need to study module, one which resume before you study module 2. How to sell yourself. So each module is very independent of each other. Something. Pm. They start from module a first, st so each one is different. So usually, when you come in to do nuisance, I will tell you which one to get started first.st Okay. So now, without further ado, let's dive into today's important module and module. 2 used to be behavior interview. And I change the title to be how to sell yourself. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the important ships really represent the purpose of behavior interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It is not about.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: hey? What happened? Most of you guys made the wrong assumption. People ask. You tell me time we have conflict. Tell me time when you manage stakeholder conflict any of those questions. It's not about exactly what happened. It is about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what should have happened, how you organize the answers that give the hiring manager want to hear, and then it's going to sell yourself and then a job offer. Okay, so now, today. Let's dive into how to answer the question. 1st of all.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: go to celebration channel.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So exciting. We got another Meta offer. This is exciting, super super exciting. It's like crazy. Okay, I know
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this week, Meta announced
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: layoff people. But I still have, I think, 4 students actively interviewing with Meta. Another 4 students actively interviewing with Google right now. So it's a lot going on. Yes, layout happens.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But it's a sign of them reorganizing the company and making more efficient.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. As I said, they're still hiring people working for the same company in the same time they're laying out people. It's just a way for them to reshift the focus of the company, and also bring in the best candidate and to be friends. Sometimes when they are people, they are people who get high, they get paid the highest, but contribute the least return investment. So therefore, I want you guys go to celebration channel. We also have other people landing Aipm job offer
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or, as I mentioned, and other people, and if, like a matter of job offer as well. So there's a lot going on in the job market. Right now, I want you guys focus on your strategies and implement your
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: your specific like feedback that we teach you in the class so that you can achieve your result very quickly as well. And and as you know, we implement lots of new changes every single day except Friday. We have office hours. We have training every single day. So whenever you're stuck or you have interview coming up, feel free to come in to have my coaches and myself and help you prepare for your upcoming interviews. Okay, cool now. Oh, let me tell you. Give me one second. I need some water, one sec. Run on water. One sec.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 30 seconds. Let me refill my.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's continue. Okay. So I love to share the story. And actually, Michael Jordan's story is a favorite story, and all my students have listened in the past and asked them, Hey, which one do you like the most? They said. Module 2. Michael Jordan story.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right. So let me tell you 2 main stories. Each time I teach live. I try to inspire all of you guys, and I believe is part of the important training methodology. We implement, you guys because the job market is very competitive right now. So you need to have very
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: tough mindset to go through the complications in the job market. So that's why I love to inspire you. And this is another behind scenes story. So it's amazing. Michael Jordan story. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we know. Oh, we all know him, Michael Jordan. Right? So one of the most famous
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: basketball player out there.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: He won like awards here and there, all throughout his entire career, and, as you know, for famous people like him, he was interviewed on many different kind of like sports. Channel espn any other channels out there, and people frequently asked him, what kind of secret behind your success
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: can you imagine what he said? He said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: People pretty rewarded for what
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: other people are not seeing you. The effort you put in when other people are not seeing you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you're being awarded in public, but in reality. You're rewarded for
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the effort you put in when people are not seeing you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So what he meant was, he said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You guys see me like being very successful, winning any kind of like Nba championship. But do you know that what it takes for me to get here?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: He said. In the past 10 years. He literally wake up
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: every single day at 5 A. M.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then he's doing going to shoot the ball. The 3 Points ball from very, very far away from basketball hoop, so he gonna shoot it for 1,500 times every single day, every single morning at 5 am. For 10 years straight.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you count on all the balls together, it's like millions of balls. Just practice practice every single day. Right? And what what makes it even even more interesting. He's saying that it's a team sports
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: every time when his team members, lots of young team members, they love to go out party until 2 am. So yeah, sometimes we go out. But at 5 Am. Not only he will wake up. He's also going to wake up his team members as well, saying, you know what it's time to play team sports as well. I practice you guys practice as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: People always always talk about. Oh, on the surface. Oh, yeah, you join Meta. So this week we just have another student and Meta offer a few weeks before we have another one also join Meta as well, so it's not about. Oh, yeah. People always talk about your success in front of public. But you in reality, you're rewarded for the effort you put in. But people frequently do not talk about the reality of the effort you put in behind the scenes, or because lots of time people do not want to listen
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: was it was the truth? Was the reality.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? And so therefore I want you guys also put in the behind scenes effort
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for sexual people like Michael Jordan, and he literally said, There's lots of people also very tall, was like born with gift.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: being able to play basketball better than other people around faster in many different ways could be better than him. But he said, because he put in more effort than other people to secure his space, not just say one time in championship, secure his space, become the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: best, like basketball player in the history. That's why he wake up at 5 Am. Every single day do 1,500 like practice shoot every single morning. Okay, so how is reflection to all of you guys? Study the program? I'm not asking you to get at 5 Am. But I do have students get a 5 Am. You know who they are.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nicholas, and he's from Andrea. So both of them are Brazilian. The reason they get up so early was like they're literally like paying us dollar. But for Brazilian salary, so let's say, they're paying like 25% of annual salary for Pma like crazy. So they were like, you know what, Nancy, I really really need to get the best out of the program I have studied every single word you talk about. So they both of them just work together. Hey, let's all both get up at 5 Am. Study Dr. Nancy material. So right now, Nicholas.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in his family, literally immigrated from Brazil to London
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and Andrea today he's working for, like, I think, Pfizer, one of the largest pharmaceutical company in the Us. Right now. So now again, I'm not asking you to get if I am. I want you to understand what other people put in the effort behind seeing story.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you ask any of my students who joined fan companies today, ask them, how hard did they study? Many of them go to the celebration channel. Many of them wrote and said, Hey, even Jenny WAN recently joined Meta. She said same thing in her celebration advice to Alumni Channel, said, Hey, I study many modules, many cases, listen to many cases, many, many times, because each time we listen to the same case
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I learned something new, I was able to digest it and understand the concept into a different level.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: She's already a Pm. She want to join Meta. She studied really build solid foundations. Okay, so I want all of you guys also said, you will study goals, study, pass as well for people who is currently preparing for fan interview module. 5. I lay out exactly how to prepare for our cases and for people not going for Fan Pass. You need to do at least 20 cases, the bare minimum to even manage up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So therefore, I want you guys to put in the effort whatever let's say, your networking script was not good, or you are not able to master all the key concepts we teach. You feel free to come here for our coaches. Help, you guys. As I said every single day except Friday.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We don't have teaching time every single day. We are teaching you guys, you said Friday, okay, we're here to fully support you, but I want you to put in the effort. So now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The picture in the middle of the screen is another student of mine who joined Amazon. I want you to show you how she put in the effort again. It's not based on. Do you get up early or not? I just want to show you how other people prepare, use material so that you can achieve same success as well. Okay, this is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if you go to my homepage website, you can see different kind of testimonial. Muyang was one person like my early students. She joined Amazon, her background. She was working. She got a Phd. In informatics and then working for hospital for 6 years in Tampa.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Florida. And then she learned a job from Amazon and moved the entire family to Seattle and let's rebreak into Pm. And the 1st job she broke into Pm. Is also Amazon in fan company, and then, when she reached out to me. She told me that. Hey, Nancy, I'm okay. It takes really long time to break into Fan, but I only want to join a fan company. Tell me exactly what I should do and what I can do.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? And then I told her some story. Here's how to prepare different things and let me show you how she prepared for her fan interview given she never at the time, she never worked in product before, and she was in healthcare. She want to break into fan. Okay, so this is her preparation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you are preparing for Amazon interview, I said it multiple times. You need to prepare and get ready and create 30 different stories because there are 14 principles. You have 2 stories per principle that equals to 13. Okay, that's easily hit up the number very quickly. Okay, so what does this mean? Once you have the 13 different principles.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And so these stories she literally wrote down the keywords and high thought process for each of principle. Can you can you see this on her sheet right here? Each of key principles was breakdown, and then see her entire folder.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The folder has multiple pages. There's a thick folder of her entire preparation, with all the notes, all the like keywords of her answers. That's how she prepare and get ready for very comprehensive like interview for those like fan companies.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And the 1st Pm. Job, she learned, was already in fan companies. This actually also happened to many, many of my students as well. Okay, that's the behind the scenes that I want to share with you today and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: again
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: feel free to design your own specific effort and study plan, and we're here to help you out. And another very important thing is in the onboarding sheet. All my
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in the onboard hashtag onboarding channel. And also when you join the program, my team also send you onboarding link, which is Pmsr slash onboarding. It's the same link. Okay? And when you click the link in this one session session 5, which has week by week breakdown regarding what you need to study every single week, I plan it out for you guys as well, please study those and follow through. Okay. So now, without further ado, okay, I'm going to skip on a Schwarzenegger.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: inspiring stories because I talk so much inspiring, you guys. But I highly recommend all of you guys instead of watching random Netflix videos, watch Arnold Schwarzenegger's how to describe his bio, his life. There's a video about his life.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do you cut a bio? I don't know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's a documentary. It's a documentary about Arnold Schwarzenegger. Please watch those, and you will understand lots of like limiting ideas. You think you cannot do after you watch that you feel like. Yes, you can definitely push through. And whatever obstacles you see right now, maybe this little. And after you watch this, it becomes like almost very small. Okay, cool. And now also let me let me highlight the differences between implementing strategy. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: same classmate. And Amy spoke about our alumni fam alumni panel years ago and feel free to go back to see her alumni panel. Both of my students are real students. One is Amy, the other one Amy's students. For Amy's student. I hide her identity because I don't want to talk bad about other people. But Amy 3 or 4, you know who they are. Okay. So now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: both of them same background. But the implement strategy completely different. Okay, Amy's classmate
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: commit science students commit science internship and no experience. And she went to one of the schools in Ohio, like literally, nobody heard of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Amy's classmate same experience, but she went to way. Better school. She went to Duke University, and both of them are high school classmates. They know each other for a very, very long time. They even do mock interview together. Okay, well, the outcome. Amy went to the same program, and she, her 1st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: job outside of college, is Microsoft, prime manager, Job.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Amy's classmate. She failed all possible Pm. Interviews, you can imagine. But she learned way, more interview opportunity, because she went to better school than Amy. But she felt all Pm. Interviews, and one year later she reapply for the same company, and she decided to go to master's program because she can extend her try out more. So during the master's
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 1st year she applied for internship again, and then she joined Microsoft. But her entire job, like Pm. Job journey, was delayed by 2 years because she wasn't able to land her 1st Pm. Job after she got her bachelor's degree. Okay? So now those 2 students, those were 2 young girls have the exact, the same background.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then Amy even went to worse school than her classmate. Why her classmate does not get the same kind of result, and also delay her success for 2 years. It was because the way Amy implement the strategies. Okay, we literally teach the same kind of strategies and also same kind of support for all our students. But whenever Amy, come to me, ask me questions during office hours.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I can tell.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: She really worked on the feedback I gave her from
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: last time we talked to. She literally come back, saying, Nancy, I saw what we taught me last time I implement this. I tried really hard working on this, and now I have additional new questions. Each time when we, when we have a conversation she saw really deep, she leveraged on top of each time when we discuss and grow herself
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in contrast, Amy's classmate. So funny she looks really. Oh, Nancy, I have an interview with like Google tomorrow. Can you help me tonight? It's always like, did you study all the a modules? Did you implement the strategy? Do you make sure you do not waste opportunities or result like all those she's like? No, or even she scans through this one. She literally forgot about this, and that's the main reason she lost all the tier one companies interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So therefore, I want you guys
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like not only study once and really think deep. Okay, how can really implement digest everything I want to like, learn today. And also each time we provide feedback implement instead of always coming at last minute, saying, I have interview questions. Interview comment was, tomorrow, Google Meta interviews Amy's classmate and land interview opportunity. And often companies somehow just wasn't able to even pass any interviews
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: was because she always prepared last minute. It doesn't work. Okay. So implement and hope all of you guys can land any of your dream job offer as well. Okay, cool. Now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: without further ado. Let's continue. Oh, and and yes, refer, and your friends join our program. Your friend will get referral bonuses, and you'll also get Amazon gift card, or you get additional one month free coaching with me. Either one you choose will be fine, because we believe the best program you can find in the industry. So feel free to bring your friends here, and also anyone who's helping out with Pma case reach out to Karen. We are literally
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: launching a free Aipm bookcam this summer for kids from teenager teenager for low income families actually very excited about this topic. So
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: today, I'm going to teach you 3 different framework rail framework, 3 phases, framework, and also 3 by 2 framework. Okay, they'll have different names, Grail framework. Each of the framework I filmed recording goes through all the framework. I'm not going to go through all the recordings. We'll read through the slides. But I want to spend 30 seconds. Review you those Grail framework. What does it mean? And then we implement the framework right away. Okay, what is Grail framework? Get to the point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: G.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: R, which means you need to spend about one sentence. Summarize. What's going on? Okay? R. Represent reasons. What's make it so important for the interviewer
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to pay attention to what you said in the interview. Okay? And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: actions one to 3 very straightforward. What action do you do? You take one to 3? But most important thing you must understand. When you say 1, 2, 3 steps. You say 1, 2, 3, or first, st second, 3rd
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in the interview must say it because it's easy. Get distracted when you give them bulk of information.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so make it break it down. 1, 2, 3, and then you have one sentence, summary upfront and one supporting point. Okay, you have 6 sentences in total and then tell them the impact. I stand for impact 3 forward. Okay, L stands for learning again. Only one sentence, learning
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: each of the framework. I tell you what exactly is how many sentences impact one sentence, right? The actions is 3 steps each step 2 sentence per step. So it's literally I have framework layout for you guys in the download session
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: on Module 2. I also have the specific download. You can see all my sample answers. 21 sample answers my answer to 21 sample answers, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: take a look and on and implement those sample answers and create your own stories as well. Okay? So I also filmed different video regarding how create many different stories, and please watch it, and then come here to the mock interviews or ask any additional questions that you are not sure how to answer. Okay, cool. Now, what I'm going to do today, the way we teach live is this like this, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what's my timer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You know, I implement new methodology. I got a time myself when I talk, and also gonna time you guys all the time with the physical timer. But the way we do it is that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm going to have each of the students answer these type of questions. For example, tell me a time we had conflict with others. Tell me a time we fell. Tell me when you reposition a product. Those are very popular interviewing questions. Okay, we're going to go through all the questions together and pick one volunteer per question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So that give you a demo how to improve the answer for those questions. And any of you guys, let's say, oh, I didn't have time to do mock interviews. Document 3 about. Tell me a time when you felt feel free to come to our Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and no Friday and Saturday. Mock interviews. Okay, you have every single day we're teaching live. We'll have my coaches except Friday. Okay? So you can always, always come in to do mock interview with me or my coaches help you improve this today. I just want to use it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: at the demo.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so show you how to really write the answers correctly. Now, let's do this. Anybody who has your sample answer. Let me review all the questions first, st okay, each one. I need one volunteer. So we'll show you how to improve the answer, how to implement the framework. Okay, the framework is very easy. It's more about implementation. Okay, a lot of you guys think it's easy, but it's harder. Okay, so
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me review all the questions. So preparing answers. For example, tell me a time we had conflict with others.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me a time when you failed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me about a time when you reposition a product is mainly for Senior Pm, I only pick Senior Pm, to answer the question. Okay,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I also filmed a separate video. Okay, let me do not go through the videos I cover, we also have per launch framework. Tell me time when you launch a product from concept to execution.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, this is another question. I have breakdown how to answer them. Now and then we go through 3 by 2 framework, which answer questions regarding why do you want to become a Pm, what set you apart from as a candidate? What do you like? The most and least okay. So it's all using. And how how do you prioritize product features? It's all 3 by 2 framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So basically gonna go through all the questions today with all of you guys. But I need one volunteer per person. Why do you want to work in e-commerce company? Okay, this 3 by 2 framework. Okay, so get your answers ready. Now let me pick a volunteer 1st one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is hold on! Let me locate this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me about a time we had a conflict with others, and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: anybody has your prepared answers. Raise your hand, please.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If not, pick someone random.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Antika! Perfect! Your hands is up next time. Raise your virtual hand.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, yeah. Great cool. Give me one second. Let me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me get my physical timer. Okay? One. Sec. It's behind me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And, Kida, let me show you how you guys looks like this where oops I'm not. Oh, my camera.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm here. Okay. My camera wasn't looking at me. Oh, here's how it works everybody.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, yeah, let me show you this, the new methodology. I always love to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: improve and grow. It is more fun. Okay, it just it. No background.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Physical timer guys. Physical timer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, looks like this. It will make a sound once it hit. This is from my my son. Okay, if you have a toddler, you will understand what I meant time. Your son or your toddler or your daughter. Okay, once I have a kid, we'll communicate later on. Okay, you need this to deal with your crazy toddler. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah. But it works really well for us as well. Okay, so here's how it works.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Each time any of you guys come into the mock interviews with me or practice anything, me and my coaches we're going to do 2 min, Timer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because your interview 2 min, Max, if one exception
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: tell me a time. We internal product from concept execution. That one was one exception. Okay, that one. You can do 3 min. That's okay. Any other question we need to fit within 2 min. Let them ask you, follow up question. It is okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but doesn't mean that the 1st time to ask you a question, you give them 10 min answer at least. We have students coming to markings. We give me 6 min answer. I just want to kill myself
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when doing marketing with her. Okay, just clearly couldn't pass the interview. Just keep on talking, talking. It's like what's going on. Okay. So now, when you time yourself, I'm also going to time myself as well. Okay, so that I can say things true and concise. Okay, I want to improve myself as well. Okay, gonna be like this. Okay, moving forward. It's always like this. Okay, let me do this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't let me put my background back.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why, look at ghost! They're all dark, you know. Scary.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So do they get the more mutual background. Okay, cool and Kira cool. Let's do this. Do this question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Thank you for volunteer. Can you smile? Everyone? You can see it right? Okay, cool. All right. So in the high level. The key points.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The hybrid manager. One here is right here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me time when you have conflict with other people, must ask the interview question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what is the disagreement, right in initial, your flexibility that you're collecting fact
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: on your side. And also, you understand, from other people's point of view, to understand the other people's point of view, and provide what he need based on his point of view. I understand you want that. So therefore give you what you want, and then how you communicate
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: with with him, because conflict is a fact.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Emotional conflict is behind the scenes that how you communicate the fact
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you, this need to like, be covered in your answer as well, and eventually reach alignment like straightforward. Okay, cool. Cool 2 min. Okay. Let's do this. A mock interview. And Kira, can you tell me a time that you had conflict with others?
Ankita Bhargava: Yes, I thought we were answering the failure question. But okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, oh, either 1! 0, either! Oh, sorry!
Ankita Bhargava: Okay, this is okay. So I.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do you have dual tunnel.
Ankita Bhargava: Do you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Have you?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I know I want. I want a good answer. Which one do you think can do better.
Ankita Bhargava: Either one is okay, whichever one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, if either one is okay, tell me this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me time of conflict with others. 2 min start.
Ankita Bhargava: Okay. So I worked at a company called Lacework, which recently got acquired by Fortinet. But here I was, the senior product manager for Kubernetes security posture management.
Ankita Bhargava: and I was responsible for implementing Cis benchmarks for Amazon Eks and Gke. The conflict between our cloud security posture management and the Kspm team stemmed from competing priorities around implementation of critical features and limited engineering resources.
Ankita Bhargava: So for us, the Kspm team wanted to focus on implementing the Cis benchmarks for Gke, which basically that mandate that was a mandate for 23 customers, which included 10 new customers and 13 pre-existing customers. And for the Cspm team they wanted to implement something called as a
Ankita Bhargava: custom policy feature policy, preview feature, wherein the customers can add new policies or rules based on whatever specific requirements they have both amazing ideas. But at the time, because we did not have enough engineering resources, we had to pick one over the other. The Cspm team
Ankita Bhargava: from a company standpoint it held a higher precedence, due to due to its commitments towards the top tier customers, and also the Company's North Star Matrix. So.
Ankita Bhargava: however, the Kspm team had authority over the Cis for Gke policies, making us responsible for one catching up with the competition, and second, of course, gain new potential employees and expand laceworks, Kubernetes offering. So it was clear that
Ankita Bhargava: because of the priorities, Cspm team got a higher priority and we had to implement the custom policy preview feature. First, st in response to this conflict, we facilitated this collaboration by ensuring that one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I give you another 30 seconds. Keep going.
Ankita Bhargava: Okay, we, we basically ensured that the Cspm team could implement this feature first.st And while they were focusing on this, we could also include some of the modules that could be used in future for the Kspm team as well, thus ensuring that we could continue with our roadmap. In the end we did lose 3 of our new potential customers because we had to succumb to
Ankita Bhargava: actually creating the Cspm product. First, st we did, however, end up, creating the Cis benchmark for Gke feature eventually. But yes, there was a loss of 3 customers, but our top tier clients still remained, and that that worked
Ankita Bhargava: all right for us.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, and Kita actually is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: a good story. The fundamental of story was good. I also like, when you do interview, you're always smiling. That was great. Actually, it was actually, that was very great instead of very nervous. This is great good for you. Actually, you know, I should smile a lot perfect. Actually, I like it.
Ankita Bhargava: I think.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The complexity comes in is the product is very technical. I don't get it.
Ankita Bhargava: Yeah, I in 2 min. I didn't know how I could explain that piece initially.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's why we need to time. You guys, okay, you guys understand this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's say, I give you 4 min. I still don't get it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's my point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, I think it's about how you tell the story you gave us. You gave us too much technical details. Make us just don't get it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So even if it's not that, that's the principle of the teaching methodology. Here we give you the Grail framework the different different way to tell the story because you want to tell story. What hiring manager want to hear?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Not all the technical details. And if I give you 4 min, or even 6 min. Nancy will tell you everything I guarantee you. You will understand. Aws, Cloud, if you give me 6 min, I guarantee you. If you do that interview. You get killed for sure, and then they still don't get it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to be right. Okay. Only if they're in cloud they probably might get it right? I I build cloud, probably before I still don't get it. Okay. So so it's not about the time. But let me show you how to say, shorter and more concise, that give the hybrid manager was one here, and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if they do want to dive into technical detail, let them ask you those for questions. No problem. Okay. So now let me help you rewrite your story. Now let me time yourself
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for 3 min, rewrite it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So the story could like this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when I am. Describe your title, for example, when I am a product owner of ABC things? Or is it current title pro manager? Or you're more technical
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: program manager.
Ankita Bhargava: So I took a gap year to be a stay at home. Mom, this is my 1st session here, and yes, my title is a senior product manager for my company, lacework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Ankita Bhargava: Yeah, it's been a. It's been 8 months since I left it. So yes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's okay. When I am a senior product manager at Abcd Company, I had a conflict with
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the engineering team was a title
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: about just a very clean statement
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I had a conflict with, and was head of engineering about the resources and priorities to work on the cloud offerings.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Very simple.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. Next part.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: then our part of framework. That's where you can expand more. Why is this important thing? You keep the summary upfront? G means get the point right? Our part of framework. What do you mean about conflict with cloud resources? Right? You literally spend lots of time upfront, really telling us what's going on with the cloud. We still don't get it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that's my point. So we we dumb it down, for other people simplify. You can say the following, I made up something random. Okay? You can say, you know what? When we create or background information, we are creating, our company offers of the the most comprehensive, like cloud infrastructure for fortune companies.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and each company has the priorities, and all the priorities are very different. There was one client. Clearly they are like the biggest hospital network. They want to prioritize Abcd Cloud features. But the head of engineering said no to those prioritized features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so therefore, I must sit down with them to figure out, how can we really reprioritize? And it is true we need to give up on the biggest client in the market right now. Here's what I did. 1, 2, 3. Now, 1, 2, 3. You talk about like acf, whatever cloud name we don't even get it. You can make it simple number one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We identify number One. I try to investigate why he doesn't want to work on this most important healthcare cloud. Oh, what I what I discovered was that, oh! His original
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: product, feature is called ABC. What an M. Fin. To enable that we need to work on 5 different features even enable this and this and this, this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and the second step, I try to collect information from my perspective to collect more data to really understand. Okay, so to really work on Fas product. It really takes so long. What if we can do this and this and this, this potentially can solve the problem? Number 3, I presented my discovery with him, and through one-on-one meetings or 5 rounds of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: product review, or 10 rounds of the Abcd. Things, and he was able to really get it, and towards the end.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and we finally get aligned. And even if we lost 3 clients. But this kind of after this new structure, we always can meet the best, whatever requirement from customer. I'm just giving you a framework. Okay? I want you to do this, Ankita.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you simplify for me using the frame I gave you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me reset timer, so I want you to reset timer for 3 min.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you start telling me who did you have a conflict with? About what right now.
Ankita Bhargava: Okay,
Ankita Bhargava: Oh, so the conflict was with another Pm team. Basically. So another product manager who was responsible for cloud security product management. I was responsible for the Kubernetes Security product management team. So because we shared the engineering resources, it became quite difficult to implement 2 features at the same time. So
Ankita Bhargava: so the end goal was the end. The eventual decision was to 1st focus on who the top clients are. So for us. Macy's and city were the top 2 customers, and they were the focus for our company. And that's why we we focused on building the product for the Cspm team first, st and then we came on to the the product that we had to build for Kspm team.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What is cspm, what is K.
Ankita Bhargava: Yeah, so so this is basically a cloud security company. And Cspm is cloud security posture management. Essentially, they're a set of rules and policies that every company needs to implement, so that if whenever they get audited they would not be charged money for misplacing any rules, and also not get a tagged
Ankita Bhargava: because it's a security company. So not get attacked on because you you did not follow some rules. So simple example is aws password right? So if someone, if some attack happens and somebody else tries to put in the password it anyone can. Anyone can pose as you.
Ankita Bhargava: So that's the whole gist of it so. But this little feature had nothing to do with security per se. So that's why I don't know if I should bring it up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No. Does this feature? Is this feature relevant to solving the conflict? For example, if if I, if I heard you correctly, is you and the other part manager had a conflict. Because you're working on Kubernetes, and he's working on what is it.
Ankita Bhargava: Cloud, security.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Class security.
Ankita Bhargava: Google, cloud, posture, management, essentially.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cloud security sounds better than Google. Cloud cloud security sounds better because it's too complicated. People are Google Cloud versus other different cloud to say he's managing cloud security and managing Kubernetes, and my company is a Cloud Security Company. Am I right?
Ankita Bhargava: Yes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, my company is a Cloud Security Company and he's managing Google Cloud Security product. I'm managing Kubernetes
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: now to. However, both of us share the same type of engineering effort.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Here is how? And that's where the conflict coming in. I want to work on my feature. He want to work his feature, and that that's very like this conflict. We go. We go head to head every single day.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Here is how I solved. And then you said another. One piece of information. We are part of framework. For example, say, what if you and him does not solve the problem together?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For example, you can say this is very sincere issue, because both Kubernetes and security, one of the most important thing for our company, if we always go like like, had conflict all the time. None of these features get implemented.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: would just literally kill the company. So therefore I must solve the problem. And then I went to him and and understand
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what's going on. Why, he always felt like his security. Feature is more important than Kubernetics.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Well, what I discovered is that he himself is on the high pressure to deliver a security product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And it's not like he disagree. Kubernetes is not important. Of course, all those cloud features like it's of Kubernetes, the basics of cloud. It is important, but he's on a high pressure. Deliver his things
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then, after I understand from his perspective. So I decide to do this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What if we're able to create the framework to prioritize our customers and then
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: figure out what type of feature need to get work on first, st so that we always like have a customer 1st methodology, so that he is able to have a better rationale to like, push, or prioritize present to his boss, instead of getting blamed for not able to deliver the product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then we sit down a second step. So we decide to sit down
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to really use the new Methodology to evaluate which customer goes 1st and well, what we discovered that Macy's and Abcd Walmart and the ABC. Top. 2 customers are the most important customer we had, because they pay us 5 million dollars every single year with that in mind. And then we further break down our priorities different things. But the the next part I do not. I, personally don't understand is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: why use that Csps feature versus the little
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you prioritize which customer. But why? Csps, you know you have a lot of jargon Csps versus those 2 things important
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in this context, or is the thing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that you may or may not need it.
Ankita Bhargava: Could you reframe the question again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm! So we went all the way towards you are trying to describe
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you prioritize, which customer is more more important, which Macy's plus another company was straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's say you already know Macy's more important. So what?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So you implement csps, whatever stuff. So tell me so what? Let's say, Macy's most important. So so.
Ankita Bhargava: Yeah. So so which was the case for us as well. So because Macy's, or whichever customer top customer was most important, we ended up building their product feature first, st and then we we went on to
Ankita Bhargava: add some of the key frameworks or structure
Ankita Bhargava: for our prod, for our product feature as well. So this custom policy preview feature was a common
Ankita Bhargava: feature for both the teams, and instead of focusing on building the
Ankita Bhargava: the, the thing that we had on our roadmap. We ended up prioritizing this because Cspm. Team had a priority. They created this feature. So we ended up adding our adding this
Ankita Bhargava: this feature to our roadmap as well, and and implemented it
Ankita Bhargava: sooner, but I mean at the end we still lost 3 clients, so
Ankita Bhargava: it wasn't the best decision from a Kubernetes standpoint, but from a company standpoint. Yes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see. So you can just okay, based on what you said. So and then step number 2 after we sit down and reevaluate the most important thing will be, discover that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in order to help Macy's, Macy's our biggest client, whatever. So was what Macy's had. We need to implement this Abcd features which is able to enable Macy's as the biggest client to to get the result faster. And this Abcd features would actually should be the number one priority for the entire company to secure the biggest client.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and instead, we focus on smaller features, such as securities or Kubernetes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: With that in mind we went to the surface that we are able to reprioritize our entire roadmap. Put on this Abcd. Whatever the new features, number one, and then work on Kubernetes, and plus whatever security features. After we reprioritize this, the entire company got Abcd Impact. You can talk about the entire company was able to streamline the process being able to serve
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all 500 fortune, 500 companies with 20% faster result. I want something like that. Can you tell me what is the impact after you implement this new feature.
Ankita Bhargava: Just
Ankita Bhargava: re contract right it. It was added to the contract, so we would have lost the client if we wouldn't have implemented this feature first.st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But you say you lost 3 clients.
Ankita Bhargava: Yeah, but the the biggest client, Macy's. We would have lost them if if this feature weren't implemented first.st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, so you save clients. In that case I wouldn't mention you. You still lost 3 clients. In that case I would just say
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as the end.
Ankita Bhargava: We saved Macy's.
Ankita Bhargava: We save the biggest. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Think after implement this, we are able to save the biggest client, which is Macy's. We totally saved the face where, I say, save the future revenue of our company by addressing our our differences, but focus on
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the priority submission of the entire company, instead of putting ourselves first.st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What I learned from this from from this experience. Is that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what you're learning before I made out something for you? What? What you're learning.
Ankita Bhargava: Voice of customer and company comes first.st business targets have to be met first, st and your own product, feature or product priority can
Ankita Bhargava: is sometimes it, it needs to stop so that bigger priorities can take place.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Perfect, hasn't say, very well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay. You can make it slightly more more condensed. But but the concept is perfect. I think hiring manager want to hear what you just said. Okay, so that's how you rewrite it. The only thing I kind of.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's a better better framework. The story how you write a story. The only thing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm thinking about changing the story completely to answer the conflict, as
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: sounds like Oo. Will make the conflict part more straightforward. Sounds like you 2 have a conflict eventually, the way you solve the conflict is, do not work on any of your product feature. It work on the 3rd party's product feature, right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Which sounds interesting because usually talk track is there's a you and him have conflict eventually work on yours or his, or something between. Now there's nothing between you. Say, you know what. Let's not work on any of those just work on 3rd one. It it kind of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: kind of works, also kind of weird. So if you have another story that's like it between you and me, you and him, and you pick something in between, or choose yours or his something like that, instead of the 3rd party feature. I think that's a more straightforward answer. However, your question also fit how to make your question fit more in terms of conflict. Here is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you can just aid, say it in the middle, saying that what we discovered that our conflict
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: was as mainly based on personal needs, but but forgot about the mission of the company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then we reevaluate the priorities. The company we discover the following.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah, just so you can add that in to show the interviewer that the the conference so small. So we decided, let's just focus on something more important than our personal conflict, so that we're fine.
Ankita Bhargava: And one last question, how old should the conflict be? So if I have another
Ankita Bhargava: conflict story from maybe 2 companies ago. But it's a great story does, I can still use it? Or would you say that only the ones
Ankita Bhargava: should work.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, you can, because if you let's re-preparing for all the final interview, you're going to guess
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: exhausted about all your questions, you will be asked so many different, so many questions. So yes, you can use that 2 years ago for this one, and then something else for a different story. The story we just crafted can be used for a different question, which is, for example, when we had to sacrifice yourself for the goods of the company. That that's perfect answer.
Ankita Bhargava: Thank you. Susie.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. Okay, cool. All right. I hope this inspiration showing you guys how you read your story. The key points is here. The key points here. It's all here. Okay, nothing go beyond here. It's more about, hey, implement this. I literally have students in the past. Nancy, everyone use the same framework. Why gonna work? Everyone use my framework? How many implement correctly? Yeah. So that's where we help you implement. So it's the same framework. Real framework is the same framework. Right? It's more about implementation. Okay, cool. Now, let's go to the next 1. 0, before do this forgot mention.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Here, let me let me stop sharing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this one. This one oops oops.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, okay, I sign out the zoom. Oh, I don't know. Google slides. Sign me out. Sorry. Let me sign on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's nice.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It kicked me out every 2 weeks and couldn't go one sec
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, it's nice. Back back up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, let me share my screen again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hi.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Google Chrome, cool, cool, cool. Yeah. Everybody turn off your AI check out. If this is your name
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: here, you should tell you. AI, okay. Now here is well. Oh, something reminder quickly I forgot to talk the announcement. Hey?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tomorrow I'm doing a feedback session for all I want to redesign my webinar, whatever. Webinar, you guys, the masterclass, you guys took to join us when redesign my webinar, I welcome both senior and aspiring. Pm, join me. I want to redesign it completely. So if you have time tomorrow, join me. If not, send me your voice messages on this course, help me to redesign it. Okay, cool. So now let's continue right here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Just locked down and let me go back.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So now, next question is, can we tell when you failed?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Anyone have answer. Okay, Jack, okay. Tell me. Tell me you felt 2 min. Let's go.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yep, yep, thank you. Let me pull it up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oops! This one.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Oh, can you hear me? By the way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, I can go ahead.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Okay, thank you.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Okay, so I worked as a senior sales compensation program manager for twilio. And I was responsible for the monthly compensation data refresh at each month end. However, the data always has issues at the last moment, which does not allow me enough time to audit the data and present the data to our sales leaders. And this is a big issue, because.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: our sales leader need this data refresh each month to accurately update to be up to be accurately app updated. Because without this accurate data, sales leaders did not have the context to make sales strategy decisions and our company would lose revenue as a result.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: So
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: and the actions that took was step one. I communicated with our engineering team and discussed viable options to give more time for data. Audit so after discussion we've we, we found that we can generate a preliminary data set at the beginning of each month.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: So what I did was I devised a process to use the preliminary data at each month, beginning use that preliminary data to audit the data in advance.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Which gives us about 20 more days to audit the data. And we can resolve 80% of the issues in the preliminary data, so that when it comes to the monthly month end data refresh, we have much more time actually, like, you know, have like, 2020 more days to do the data audits which helped us increase the data data accuracy from 80% to 98%.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: So the lesson I learned from this experience is that always leave additional time for data audits. And always, you know, devise programs. If there's a time limit to do additional audits and always prepare for unexpected situations like this. So yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm not sure it's me tonight.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: My brain doesn't work or not.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I still find it very technical
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is I don't get technical thing tonight or what's going on. Other people feel technical. Okay? Maybe my brain doesn't work. I think yours. I feel the same as Anika is very technical. I feel like yours, technical as well. Maybe my brain is right tonight. I feel like, why is this so technical stuff?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: About things failed creating audit your data. Okay, so so let's let's slow down.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's add non-technical element to it. So people can follow it closely. Let me time myself. Let me do that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's 5 min.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 6 min in total, let's rewrite it together instead of me telling what to do. Okay, rewrite together. Okay, so number one can use one sentence describing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what you what did you fail? You failed to do what.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yeah. So I failed because the data always has issues at the last minute. So because of that, I was not able to report the data in time to our leadership. And because, yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Here comes Robin.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Everybody pay attention.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Both Anika and Jack forgot to tell us the background information when I was
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: per owner, or you've transitioned to pm, so you you can have a title product owner, or of data data dashboard for Abcd Company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I felt.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So I felt
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to prepare the data product. Oh, my, my data, the data product I created always fell
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to whatever at last minute fail. 4. To present the best accuracy result at last. Minute. Okay, very clean upfront.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you tell us the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what? What's what's what it for is a healthcare company. So you fail your patient data last minute. That sounds horrible, or you're a social media company. You fail, influencer report. So so what? It so so tell me more.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yeah, what? The business impact?
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yes, yes. So the our company is a communication communication data company. So you know, text data email data we sell those services to other companies. So like, let's say, you purchase a T-shirt from Uniqlo Uniqlo sends you a text confirmation.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: That is implemented by us. So our our sales. They sell this service to other companies and our team. We prepare the the data for sales compensation. So how much commission we give to our sales? Rep, and yeah, we we prepare for that data essentially. And if we don't have this data, our sales leaders don't know how to
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: effectively sell the product to their customers, to maximize the commission to the sales, rep, and also maximize the revenue for our company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Missing 1 point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's a Saas product. So anytime you purchase something, they give you a tax communication confirmation, and then you sell the tax communication confirmation packages. So it's a Saas product each time they sell something. Your sales team is going to get commission. But you're you're calculating the sales compensation data
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so that they have their, they're they're motivated to work on it.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yes. Exactly. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool, all right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm oh.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Oh, I have a quick question. So do I need to explain that? I I guess you know, for an interview. Before I answer the question, I always tell the business context of the company that did I work for.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Without.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Be helpful. Okay, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Significantly. Both you and Anika and almost everybody. You need to tell them short business concept behind it. For example, whenever I tell my smart. I create smart cities product using AI to help cities reduce car crashes. Right? So very clear, clean description of my product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yours should be very clean. So my my company sells a Saas product that gives text confirmation
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to consumer who purchase any product online or in person.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For example, anytime you purchase a piece of clothes they give you from any kind of store. They give you a text coming compensation, confirmation, hey? Thank you for your purchase of one suit from Abcd Store that's managed by us, and then say what you said. Oh, and then the salesperson, we're doing this, and but our sales compensation number is always wrong the last minute. That sounds really bad. So therefore I must. I must fix it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That that's really bad thing that could happen to us. We must fix it if you can use some number to prove it even better.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: which could be 80% of time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It was wrong.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then we send out like hundreds of text messages, we have
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: thousands of whatever, like big clients, 80% of time. The sales compensation, calculation was wrong. Oh, that sounds really bad. Right? As example, right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah, the context is missing. We just heard all the data. I was like, what what tag is so technical. Oh, okay, here's how I fix the data.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 1, 2, 3, which is fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. But you want to see right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You didn't talk about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the the human element, part of it. For example. I think you're talking about technical element.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You realize this and that. Can you add one human element to it?
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Can you specify what you mean by human element?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For example,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: After I talked to the salesperson, I realized that the reason of us providing the wrong data was because sales reps didn't.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: didn't enter the customer information correctly that led to one failure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then I work on technical issues. How can we hold sales rep accountable to enter customer information. Oh, then, I create this feature, that feature to make it work
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as an example. Right? So yours is all like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me show you how to run SQL. Or my SQL. Database. I did that and this and that and that. So technical. Okay, great. All right. So that's what I meant. Let me do this? Can you? 3 sentences, each sentence of 5 keywords? Tell me what you did of your 3 actions to fix the problem
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: number one.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yeah, so number, step,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 5 q. 1.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Send it.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: let me see,
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: number one is to discuss with engineering team. Yeah. 1st 2 points and then find viable. OP
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: explore viable options.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: I I would say that that would be my step one, but that there, that's only 3 points.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, second, second, step.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yeah. Second step. Yes. So second step is preliminary data. So like, that's, that's the data that's not ready yet. But we can still use it. And I would say, the second point is beginning of the month, like we can get that data much earlier. Since it's
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: it's preliminary data.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: and then we can use that to to do the audit. So that's the 3rd points.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: So like preliminary data, beginning of the month. And then data audit.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: would that be still too technical or.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Think about it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I still don't understand why I always messed up at the end of the month.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you tell me.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: I see. Yeah. So the reason why it was the data was broken at the at the end of the month was
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: there are delays in the process of.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: So this I I can just like, you know, tell you, in this whole paragraph, and we can refine it. But
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: there are a lot of steps like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and then, like
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: let's say, step 2, get delayed.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: In that case it it goes down to step 5, but like we only catch it in step 5, and we have to go audit all the way back to step one, do the audit. And then, like, yeah, and it happens like every month just like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Perfect.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is. This is a perfect example. You gave us all technical stuff. We don't do all the audit we freaking don't understand. What do we mean by audit data.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Okay, here's what it's saying.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And your step will be changed as well. Step number one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We try to investigate. Why on earth, by the end of the month the sales worth of commission data is always wrong.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or 80% of time is always wrong, whatever whatever whatever numbers. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And and then you use one sentence describe like, what you discussed will be discovered that there are 10 steps.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: step number one. I told you 5 words. And then the second sentence describing what you discovered, we discovered that there are 10 steps
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to go to calculate sales commission for all the own e-commerce stores.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: each of steps. They have one a few days delay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then add on top, on top each other. Step one delay one day, step 5, delay by 2 days. Step 7, device whatever another 5 days by the end of the day it's always like delayed, and then it's always calculated incorrectly
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: with that in mind I immediately went to stand number 2.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I look into the engineering solution team to investigate what are the possible, what, what are the possible solutions is is available. Then I discovered that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: step 3.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I implemented the solution which is to which is collect early
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: data, preliminary data early this month and do audit like at the beginning of the month to prevent any steps that's delayed or broken. So we catch instead number one before it triggered down to step number 10.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's all you need to say, wow, yours is so complex.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, yeah, that means data audit. Oh, oh, that's data audit. Then you say, that's called data audit.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That always say the 10 steps.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It doesn't matter how many steps make it. Make it lots of steps, 10 steps. We catch it in step number one, that preliminary data. What does this mean to us? We have no clue either.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Oh!
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: And.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We, we just use preliminator earlier so that we can catch instead number one and audit instead, number one and 2 as early as possible before hit number 10. 0, that makes so much sense.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that's it. We don't need technical description of so many data stuff.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We don't get it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, wow!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Too technical.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Makes sense, makes sense.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool. Okay, so now.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No problem. I hope this inspiration for everybody
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in terms of how to make things less technical.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Again, if you say the keywords I described. Be easier to understand. You can fit in 2 min easily.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then people get it because nobody want to look into excel sheet like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it hurt people's brain in general.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so it's like, what would you describe is fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And the loss of term data audit, which freaking don't know. What does data audit mean we saw you rerun your numbers. That's what I thought.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't know. Okay, cool, all right. A whole inspiration for everybody. So now let's move to Senior Pm. Questions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you're a senior Pm. Help me answer this question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: tell me a time when you reposition your product, hands up. If you have your answers ready.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nikhel? You have a question, Nicholl. You can re.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why? Why, Nicole, do you have a question?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: By the way, anyone? You have a question. Do this, let me answer all the a
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: hold on! Hold on! Hold on! I saw the questions. Why doesn't?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I have lots of people. Question, okay, hey, guys.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I couldn't catch your questions here. So many questions you can. You can see the historical questions people submitted. Distract me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Put it here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you have any other questions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. Sunday office hours. Okay, cool
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the Slido. Put your questions in the Slido
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right here. And the link you can find in discord channel in discord channels.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: office hours. Sunday. Find today's date. And there's a link you can enter your info questions here. Okay, you can discuss in the Zoom chat. But if your questions for me put it here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, but the zoom chat chat is very complicated
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for me to follow, which is a very distracting, but question for me, put it here. If you want to discuss or discuss, I don't check the chat. Okay, cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: continue. Okay, let me pick a senior Pm. Can sell. If a senior Pm. Or anyone prepared this answer, tell me time when you repositioning a product.
Vishal Bhoir: Documentansa. I can go for this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, camera on camera on we shall. Cameron.
Vishal Bhoir: You see.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes. Okay, let's do this.
Vishal Bhoir: Singaporean Question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, heck.
Vishal Bhoir: You guys got.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm, hmm.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay, so.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, no, no, no, no, not yet. Sorry. I'm just checking.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay. Let me set the tone a little bit. Everybody for coaching purposes. Why, I said, the senior Pm. Question is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: tell me a time when you reposition, a product is more advanced. Question for Senior Pm. This happened for lots of senior Pm. Questions. They may not ask you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: exact same titles, the same keywords in the repositional product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me ask you through different angle. You're gonna oh, when when discovery doesn't worry, how to pivot, change it, how do you do it? Something something like that. And you had to change shift anything you go here, you change okay? And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in my prep training I give you my sample example. But I want you to define what I mean by repositioning a product. Repositioning your product means originally the product. Want to go to east.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and you make to go to south
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or north or west any other direction. But it it's a we change it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We go for something different. At least they should be sound like different. The best
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: answer I've ever heard is from your alumni, David Lin, so interesting.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: His original product was a dating app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, sorry, sir, I was wrong. His original product was educational, app helping people to study better in university. Then he reposition a product into a dating app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That sounds big repositioning, but it's the same customer segmentation, or 21 year old 20 year old teenagers studying in university, and then also the back end of the gamification and the code database actually is similar.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: He just changed the value proposition of the product. He packaged the front end completely. But back end thing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that's called repositioning a product that's the best.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: most obvious repositioning I've ever heard.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But I want you guys to think about what something had done in the past. Even if you did small changes, I want you to make it like bigger shift. You need to. Re, you can reposition your customer segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you can reposition your go-to-market strategy for them. The example I gave you is go-to-market strategy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can reposition like value, proposition or product. You can reposition many things, many different things. But you need to have a name to it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to make it very obvious. What is a what is? B?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So we and also tell us
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what is A and B at the beginning, so that we understand? Very obviously, what did you reposition? Okay, we shall 2 min. Let's start.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me time when you reposition a product star.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay? So when I was working for Aig as a senior product manager we were developing a platform called Grc analytics, which is a integrated analytics and reporting platform for different stakeholders.
Vishal Bhoir: Initially, when we were running the working group. You know, meeting with different corporate functions. It seems like they were doing reporting in silos. And that's what is hindering the top management to get the aggregated analytics and reporting.
Vishal Bhoir: So our team decided to build a integrated platform for all of them. We had multiple voice of customers with individual corporate team
Vishal Bhoir: understood their require requirements pain points, and then we had the road map to deliver a integrated platform we delivered the 1st Mvp. And we provided access to all the corporate users to start using and providing feedback
Vishal Bhoir: Later on, we found out like, when we saw the different user usage of this platform. It seems like the number of user who has subscriber size subscribe didn't access this platform. Then we got to know, like we interacted individuals. We got to know, like what we did is we integrated all the different features into one platform
Vishal Bhoir: and guess what is not expected by individual corporate team, right? Because they wanted some reporting based on their customization.
Vishal Bhoir: So we need to reposition our platform so that it becomes more customized for individual corporate function. So we change our roadmap. We decided to customize each platform for individual team requirement, and then we re release Mvp. For individual teams.
Vishal Bhoir: We got the data of how much it is being utilized, and we seems a substantial increase in the usage of the platform. So that's what we learned like, even though we think like one stop shop can, you know, help individual to access everything in one platform. But in real life that's not the case.
Vishal Bhoir: Every team has their different requirements, and they want a platform which suits their requirements. So that's what we learn later on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, the story is great, it gets better better towards the end. But but it's a good example. Beginning is kind of long to get your get to your point. But after you get to your point, it's good. Okay, we need change of sequence a little bit, but but it's good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, and also what you reposition is good as well, and and also very clear regarding what is a what is B? Okay. So everybody where where is good for his is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's very clear, and also sounds like, Wow, that's a very strategic move. His original, his A was. He has a platform that does everything in the one place for his customer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: B is, let's just break it down into individual features. You can sell to a customer
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so so that you can increase adoption right now where room for improvement is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It takes really long time to get to your point. You you save it towards the last.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: flip it earlier. And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: tell us the business like background earlier. Okay, so let me let me help you rewrite your story like this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when I am a product lead
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: at Abcd Company. I'm responsible for launching. Can you fill me in the sentence? 5 words. What? What product.
Vishal Bhoir: It's a analytics platform for grc, governance, risk and compliance.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay the governance risk and compliant, and any platform for government risk compliant product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then immediately down to A and B,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I had to reposition, a product from
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all in one place, end to end, risk management. Platform 2.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't know in individual module by module. Can you use 5 words describe your new thing. Do you call it module by module or individual, to tell me more.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah. So the Aa is like one stop shop for all the Grc analytics reporting
Vishal Bhoir: all across different corporate function. But that didn't work because individual.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, no! Stop stop here, stop! Don't tell me, because from this to tell me to to what.
Vishal Bhoir: 2 is like each each platform customized for individual function, corporate function.
Vishal Bhoir: 1st line of defense, second line of defense, individual separate.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah to from all in all in one shop the end to all in one shop is for another, dashboard for all, everything, everything about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for Gis government compliance, whatever stuff, risk management platform, too individualized
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: product features that customized for individual users.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they'll still meet the compliance needs.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Here is how, why, and how I reposition a product
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then add some background information.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: My company is the number one company who gives the compliance analytics dashboard for all the fortune, 500 companies. And then you add one more sentence. What does this mean? Gis, you know, and then you can one sentence
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all the fortune. 5 companies need to meet all the like compliance, legal requirements, such as taxes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: labor law. I don't know what does mean international trade. And they're like, literally, there are
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 100 different kind of like compliant things. All fortune companies need to follow.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: However, that's why we create all in one shop. You can track anything, all 100 different rules, always in one dashboard. Guess what?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nobody used our product, or or within a year we'll only assign one customer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: My company is about to go bankrupt if we don't fix the problem right away.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so you make it more dramatic and easy for them to get it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right. And then also, what do you mean? Gis? Right? And then there's like 100 different compliance taxes, labor unemployment like give them something random, but they have 100 of these. See how complex that's why, all in one. Whoa! Nobody buy it. Oh, like contrast.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: said, why do you even think nobody buy it. Oh, the interview I heard of say, Oh, yeah, yeah. I wonder what happened.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And here's how I fix it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Number one. Now, when you say how to fix it. You say 1, 2, 3, you must put one. You don't have 1, 2, 3, you move it earlier, and then you say all the one to 3 number one. We look into the data what the heck is going on. Nobody want to buy it. Oh, the customer said, this reason number 2
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: based on what they said. We decide to just break it down, redesign the business model, break it down by individual ones. Number 3. We redesign the Gtm. Strategy to sell the individual product and through I don't know. Upsell model. They buy one thing kind of cheap and then do another one and do another one. They end up paying more the lifetime value of customers
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as an example. Right? So make it simple. But but you make simple enough, just like you, you flip a little bit.
Vishal Bhoir: To make it more dramatic.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And they get it. Oh, so smart!
Vishal Bhoir: 100 different things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then you all they buy one on, and they add it up. They end up paying more. Oh, okay, and also address whatever original concern. They want to buy everything in 1 1 shot together which is going to step number one. You try to understand why they don't want to buy everything altogether.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The the context story is really good. The shift A to B was wow interesting.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? So say, more dramatic and flip something up front.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. So so the bottom line is like, you say the solution first, st and then describing detail how you reach out to that solution right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, exactly, exactly. But it was one sentence upfront. You get a hook up front.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay, okay, okay. I thought, like, build up story 1st and then say about the solution later on.
Vishal Bhoir: No, no, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: To the point G. Part of frameworks get to the point.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Sounds, good. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Get to the point that will help you significantly. The story context is great. Just flip, flip the order a little bit
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool. Cool. Okay. So now let's go to next question
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: per launch framework, the 3 phases framework. I give a new name. I run it on a name. If you know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if you know better name, let me know. Okay, the I call that is for launch framework plf framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 3 faces, because there's 3 faces
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or Iml framework ideation. Mvpl, Iml, like, yeah, if you don't, I mean, no, I want to give it a name. Okay, for now let's come 3 faces. I don't have any cool name or the cool name taken. Real framework. Gucci framework. Phd, my Cs Phd. Framework sounds cool. This one. I don't know if you know cooler names. Let me know. Okay. So now I want someone to go through this question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Jen, I have a question. Your your hands are second.
Jana Jiang: No, I don't have a question. I'm just just ready for this question, and realized I raised my hand too early, and they put it on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. But Sonny also raised before you. I think, sonny, did you have yours early for this one?
Sunny Youn: I didn't raise. I had an example of repositioning. But it's okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We have. If you have extra time, I'm going to go over yours. Okay, today, we have smaller class. We might have extra time. Let me go through. Let's go through each of the sample question first.st Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: None. Let's go.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me. Oh, oh, everybody launch 3 min. This one can go to 3 min, 3, 3 min, and then.
Jana Jiang: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ideation. Mvp. Launch. You must tell them upfront. You have 3 phases.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you tell them what exactly happened in ideation, phase and Mmp. And launch.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It should be straightforward. Okay, 3 faces. Okay, let's go.
Jana Jiang: 3 min.
Jana Jiang: I'm gonna tell about. I'm gonna talk about the project called Facebook Cappy Project
Jana Jiang: I was hired by marketing analytic team as a data product manager to optimize the ad performance at Textile. One of the biggest problem with ad optimization is that the return on ad spend is relatively low, and they have tried many initiatives, and nothing seems to work effectively. So it was a very challenging test, and it's, in fact, the whole revenue of the
Jana Jiang: as
Jana Jiang: the whole whole revenue of the spin and the 1st time. And it's also the 1st time we try to optimize
Jana Jiang: ads from the business side connect the business side as well as the technical side.
Jana Jiang: So when I took on this task, I used the 3 phase approach phase, one ideation phase 2 Mvp and phase 3. Product launch.
Jana Jiang: In the 1st phase I look into how textile, optimized as today and what other alternative solution they had tried. I talked to every stakeholder during this whole process, from engineering to data, scientists to analyst, to understand the customer need and the pain point.
Jana Jiang: I was surprised to find out that textile manually sending important conversion events like order, complete and complete registration to Facebook to optimize our ad performance on Facebook advertising platform from server to server, which requires several resting places. Each resting places
Jana Jiang: require certain manipulation to put data in motion, which, causing data, refreshness, always 3 h delay and 20 min interval time. We also realized we required average 5 h per week from data engineering team to support and resolve the latency from the this integration.
Jana Jiang: Knowing this great insight, I started to brainstorm some ideas, to fix this urgent case. One of the idea we had was to use segment segment interface to the feeding process and automatically sending.
Jana Jiang: sending the conversion event to Facebook.
Jana Jiang: So we can had. We can have real time. Conversion rates sent into Facebook
Jana Jiang: in phase 2. I worked with engineering team to create Mvp. Using profile Api and a destination insert function in segment Ui to automate this copy process. Meanwhile I had a frequently meeting frequent meeting with our stakeholder to seek their feedback and prioritize use cases
Jana Jiang: in Phase 3. We started to text out the new process by comparing the new data with the old the data, sending with the new process.
Jana Jiang: worse. Compared to the data with sending with an old process, it proven that we have more than 99% accuracy. But instead, 3 h delay and 20 min interpret. Time is old process. The new process is able to sending the data in real time.
Jana Jiang: As a result, the conversion rate started to increase. After one month deployed this new process. The return on Ad. Spend increased by 20% after one month, deploy this product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Very good. Actually, I want to use Browning ads
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right now. Very painful. Okay, anyone have ads experience. I give you login to Pma ads right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: anyway. Cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Go backwards.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Gtm, gtm's gtm, part is missing a bit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You said, Oh, after you implement this? Oh, yeah, you didn't tell us how you launch it. Is it? Is it internal product? You just hit the button launch.
Jana Jiang: It's an internal product. And and we hold on the new process. And we compare we, we literally using the old process to sending the same amount of same amount of data, and then we use the new process to sending the same amount data without sending really sending it. We just use the process that didn't real send to the Facebook. And we compare these 2 data.
Jana Jiang: and we just like to make sure the accuracy. The accuracy is more than 99%. And then, after we confirm the accuracy, we launch the new process.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So when you launch after you run a B testing, when you launch is a push, a button and you flip right.
Jana Jiang: Yes, yes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool. In that case, move it. You call the launch. During the launch process
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we decide to do a B testing to verify if this brand new Api-based process is better than manual or not.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we decide we design ab ab experimentation like this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We have our old process manual process and into Facebook ads versus the new process which is using api integration. And then we do after the comparison, when 99% accuracy
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: result, 3 h delay 20 min interval. They clearly are much better options. So was after we had a full confidence, and we decide to launch this feature to all the customers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And and then we, with with the help of the engineering team.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So you can, you can describe that way. Okay,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah. Move. Ab, A, B, 10 is your launch phase. And then the impact's great and actually like it. You're a little bit over time. It was the beginning. I think you spend lots of time talking about.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Other things that's not very memorable.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can make it short of whatever you wrote
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: before you talk about the specific 3 phases.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can make the sentence remove one or 2 sentences from the original bulk. Things you wrote because it's not memorable, not memorable means. It's not necessary.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Some of these are not necessary. You can just directly say, when I was working for an AI product lead at Abcd Company, I was responsible for launching this Abcd product, and whatever from scratch to help as conversion, they make it simple and then go to one to 3 faster. Whatever sentences you basically, you can remove a few of these. That's my point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should write down what you have. Figure out what one or 2 sentences you can remove. So you get to the point faster, and the rest is good to switch what you had earlier.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. This is good. This is good. Yeah, I like it. Cool. Yeah, everybody learned this as a good example. I think she implement the framework very well, just a very, very beginning, she said. A little bit too much minimum is fine. Okay, so launch.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's an internal product. So therefore, her launch process different. If you launch anything that to external customer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you must describe a Gtm. Strategy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We'll talk about Gtm in Module 4.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, I can describe something like, Oh, we launched a Beta tester first, st or we launch to ABC. Location customer. First.st Once they great, we launch to something else. So like Gtn strategy, or we decide to do organic content marketing to drive early adopters. And then we start to do
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: influencer marketing. We started what type of fundamental funnel bottom funnel any kind of Gtm strategies and framework, and put it here into different, like different layers, different phases. We do this 1st and then this. When I see success, we launch it to second phase, and we implement 3rd phase or launching process, because usually we launch something.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Los Kami does not just say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: hit a button, push everybody in the world. They do one wave different waves of launching.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, this for external comment. Internal customer. The way she described is fine. Okay? Cool. Jack. Question.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yeah, I have a quick question regarding the Gtm strategy, because, like like, you mentioned, like some products are internal. In that case, how would we?
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: what's the optimal way to describe the Gtm cause like for my specific one? You know, we launch. We. We hold an internal meeting to launch the product to our internal customer, and then we have like office hours to teach them how to use the product but that's it like, that's not like a complete Gtm product like it, like, you know, external customer and stuff. What would be the best way to describe that kind of internal product. Gtm process.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you can break a launch process into different phases will be great. For example, phase one. Test out with one sales rep, works so well, and then let's launch it to everybody.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then, after you launch it, we also manage end-to-end lifecycle process, which is like, Oh, which is like, continue to do Q. And a office hours continue to teach them how to do it as example. Right? So we want to hear different steps.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ideally, you have. We test out with one people first.st It's always come with one or 2, maybe 3. I don't know beta same thing as Beta test equals or other people's Beta testing.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Got it. Thank you so much.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm, no problem. Cool. Great question. Okay. So now, for the sake of time, let me go through all the questions first, st and we can go through other
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Other questions we didn't get or want to repeat. Okay, cool. So very 2 frameworks straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: By the way, guys just stick to the framework very powerful.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So all my framework very simple.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but very powerful, easy to use.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Sweet bullet point 2 sentences per bullet point. Each bullet point has one summary and one supporting point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so 3 by 2 straightforward 6 sentences in total, this is very suitable.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 4. So that I have the detailed description of. I watch my prep training.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: very simple. How you for things like, how do you prioritize part features?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why do you want to do something? It's so good. Okay? So now, the only exception is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: sometimes 3 by 2, 3 bullet point right? Sometimes there's some steps that more than 3 can do, 4 by 2,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 5 by 2, something like that. Okay? So now, regarding prioritize for features actually have 5 key points I want to touch.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so now let me let me show you how to do this question, how do you prioritize product? Features?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Many things going into it. Number one, let me go through the framework. First, st you guys can plug in. We want to understand why building these features. Are we solving the right problem
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that we need? We need to Match Company Goals Company Mission and what customer wants?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Number 2,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: how do you feel as a company? Whatever we want to building is actually meeting the goal of the company. Let's be specific.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's create the the entire, the we create a matrix that has the grid goes into
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you match customer pain, point, engineering effort, urgency and risk. All this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: goes into like a matrix. Sorry. It's a kind of matrix going into a matrix.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And in the matrix that has scoring systems.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so that's the answer. Oh, this is higher, this is lower. This is all of this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? And then
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you put all the low, high, medium low, different things on a roadmap, and understand how they compare with company goals, and also with the success metric with Kpi for all those products.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then it also groups them into different Mvp. Mmp. And launch process
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to to continuously enhance and update your product, roadmap and features and test out the ideas
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for each of the Mmp
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and Mnp and launch, because each time you launch you collect feedback and continuously update and reprioritize the prod feature. So it's a loop.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so, but we hit those keywords I put here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so I need. And then we go through this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We need to add some simple explanation of your product
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: past product. Name here, instead of talking about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like the keywords I put here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, for example, if I go through this question I'll be talking about. Yes, I can show you how to prioritize features. Do you mind? I use my smart cities product as an example when I tell you about my methodology, interview, frequency and no problem. Go ahead. Well, 1st of all.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need to understand. Why are we building these features? Are we solving the right problem.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For example, when I create my smart cities product
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that use AI to help cities reduce car crashes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we need to look up the existing like product. 10 different features reduce car crashes? Are all those features actually in alignment of company's goals and mission
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: which our mission, literally helping cities reduce car crashes save people's lives.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Now, all the features actually is meeting. That goes right. They're all very important.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool. In that case we pass the 1st part, and then we create a matrix. The matrix had a very comprehensive like, key thing goes into it, including customer pain point, need design, engineering effort, urgency and risk. All of these. Then we put all different features again, those matrix. Okay, so that, for example, will turn out, is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like running a red light
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like literally is the highest. Once you rank all of them highest engineering effort, like lowest engineer effort, highest urgency, highest risk. But whatever lowest risk, whatever different numbers you plug in and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like to follow by like jaywalking, and near, misses all those key features, and then continue to run the same entire matrix against all possible different kind of features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They brought all of these together. I was able to give them the scoring systems, and then put them on a roadmap that makes, and then, whatever continue to say, okay, so
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: my point did you notice, is the same keywords here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But I also use my specific product, which is smart cities
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: product as an example to walk people through this product so that it doesn't feel very boring
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and very complex for them to get what's going on, and also help them to understand empathy, such as running red light, jaywalking near, misses different kind of key features, and and you can put on romance to be oh, no wonder this is highest. Oh, running red light is highest. Okay, cool makes sense. And all of those right. So plug in some of the real life
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: name, a product, real life features. Some of these high, level things. Walk them through the process. Okay, cool. Let me pick a 1 here. Do we have a volunteer to go through. How you prioritize the product features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If not, let me let me pick someone random
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me pick someone potentially can in arsenal.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hello.
Arslan.: Identity.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hello! So can you? You should be able to do this very well.
Arslan.: Can you hear me? Okay. Now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, yes, I can hear you. Can you help me?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you answer this interview? Question?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How do you prioritize product features? This is my last interview question. You have 2 min. I give you my high level example. Those are all the keywords. Can you tell me what your answer is?
Arslan.: Yeah. So I'm just gonna
Arslan.: come up with that answer on the fly, because I'm not prepared for that yet, but based on what you just said so. Thanks for the asking that question. So when
Arslan.: whenever we are building the product, the 1st thing that I would look at it is to make sure that we are solving the right problem by keeping the right
Arslan.: user in mind and understanding that if you're solving the right pain points for that. So in that situation, I can share a few examples with you in the past where I have I've been working with engineering team and other product managers. And while we are building those features, the 1st thing we do is to
Arslan.: understand the customers, their pain points and their needs, and then build a very comprehensive matrix with engineering effort. The urgency of the customer needs as well as the risk for the business on that.
Arslan.: And then we use that metrics to put them in a scorecard that helps us understand and make a data driven decision on which features to be prioritized in alignment with company goals, and the product apis as well.
Arslan.: And then we use that except that that scorecard into 3 key phases of those features. One, of course, is during the development phase. But then, after that, it's the minimum viable product, the minimal marketable product. And then how do we launch it? And then we expect
Arslan.: those features to keep on churning, as we keep on building those features as either an enhancement or new feature. Keep on adding into that list.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Very good. Okay. I want you. You did very well. You wrote it. Very well. It comes in the fly. Very well, very good. Actually okay, very good. Almost pass the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: adding your prime name for me. Can you add your prime name for me?
Arslan.: Yeah, I can. I can add the product that that for example, when I was.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Using examples yeah.
Arslan.: Yeah, yeah, when I was working at Oracle. I was responsible for the networking product line. And one of the product that I was deeply involved was the fast connect which was connecting the customer data center with the public cloud. So in that there were various aspects and dependencies of that feature with the networking product line, the compute product line and the storage.
Arslan.: and each one of them have their own risks as well as urgency from different customer needs.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good.
Arslan.: Should I add more detail.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, no, no! Let me show you guys how to add the right amount of detail. That's that's right. That's right. Details you had already right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And for I'm trying to integrate whatever oracle Apc things together.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And it turned out that at 1st we value all the features that's matching the company missions and then face them. In the second step
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I put into I put all the features into a matrix comparing the customer pain, point, engineering, time, effort and urgency, and risk
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what it turned out. Give me the top 3 features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you give me some names? Give give me some some something, give me something. Then put in sentence.
Arslan.: Yep, yep. It turned out that the most important feature was the security list as well as the integration with the data center fabric. As a 2 major key points for that feature.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Perfect after yeah, yeah. And then
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: well, I forgot to mention putting them into a scoring system. And it turned out, those are top 3 features after the scoring systems, and then you say, one more sentence, and then I continue
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 2 rank, all other 10 features, and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: after rank, all of them. I put them into a prime roadmap based on all the priorities we just had and comparement company goals and set Kpi for each of features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then I put them into 3 phases like Mep. Mmp. And launch, and they continue to say, which is that which is a very good, very smooth. Actually, it's very good. Okay, just be specific. Hey, guys, what he had is perfect. Let's rehab. I'm going to cut off the session as a sample
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: coaching for this interview. Actually, it's perfect
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: how he wrote off the script, using all the keywords we gave him. Perfect. Let's read perfect. We just need to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: add some customer empathy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because all of you guys can watch my recordings, memorize exact things, I said. But I don't all. I don't want my all my students say exactly what I said, because I want arson to say what he said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Sunny said, what she said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Jack said what he said as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So how you do that is, you sprinkle in the type of product arsenal said
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: he was doing oracle, working on whether one just one of the largest site integration between this and this. With that we have. Well, I need to prioritize all the top 10 features. I will put them into the matrix. We we list out right here, or we turn out
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the top. 3 features dot dot are the highest after we put them in a scoring system right? So it rose better and show his authorities in the space.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and also sounds like, Oh, you work on such complicated things. Oh, yeah, no wonder, for oracle whatever ABC thing has 10 different things. Wow! That sounds very complex. And you're able to process so many different things for cloud migration, for oracle, or using this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: comprehensive thinking methodology. That sounds a good job, that kind of feeling. Okay, so sprinkle the name of your product. But I'm going to cut it into a sample sample coaching for for the specific interview question. Okay? Good job. Good job. Arson. How you wrote it. Okay, is this clear to everybody how you sprinkle
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the name of your product and sprinkle some some top, 3 features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: sprinkle some things in it. Is it clear to everybody?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good. Okay, perfect. But but how? He rolls to say, let's rerolling all the keywords here, you you're good. This looks very well. Just say, sprinkle something. Okay. So you guys are good, cool, right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why do you wanna be on Pm, straightforward? Let me pick someone entry level
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to answer this easier question. Okay, I want people speak up a little bit in my class.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tanya.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Say things shown concise. Oh, you raise your hand before I call you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Remind things alike.
Tanya Milton: Question. Actually, I really was listening to you and on the framework. But I just wanted to check. Do we have to also add the rice framework, because generally we do either Moscow or rice. So I was just thinking that to be more specific on, how do I prioritize? So? Yes, some great answers here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Tanya Milton: What I in my answer, which I don't remember by heart, but I have it written. I kind of use the circle framework which you mentioned last time. No, it's not the best one. But I think for me to come to the point that how am I cutting through the prioritization? Do we have to use the rice framework? Do we have to call it out or no, like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No rice framework is not used for prioritization. Rice framework is, do the Kpi.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right. And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the whatever other framework Moscow means must to have good to have right a should have, must have should have, which is right here. So basically, after you put in a scoring system, you can put a must have a should have. You can do that. But I wouldn't do that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because after you do the scoring system, even if you must have good half.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's still the end. Let's say you have 5 must have features that will go into Mvp.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But priority proficiaries means among those 5 which one do I work on first? st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So therefore I would rather we talk about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like we put them in a scoring system. Then I know this is number one, number 2, and then the rest will continue. Then obviously, it's a score, 1, 2, 3, 4, and then there's a row map.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then we understand all the features. What are the Kpis? You don't need to say we use right framework to identify the Kpi. I think this is because it's not this about prioritizing.
Tanya Milton: It's not about. What do you set as a kpi.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So it's not necessary. Right? So it's more about prioritize 10 different things on your product roadmap.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But good question clearly studied very hard on my framework not necessary. If they ask you, how would how would you set Kpi for your product? Yeah, I use rice framework, but don't say that I use rice framework. You say I consider RICE. Right like that. But but don't say that I use right framework. Same thing to make it rose better like how arson did a really good job about how he rolls off the keywords here to make it like a thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's good. It's good. Just roll off a little better. But the key concept you just hit all the key concept here you can pass into me.
Tanya Milton: Sure. Sure, Dr. Nancy, so additional question which the my challenge with what I'm facing is my, I'm from Hr. Tech background. I think my product was not as complex as core technical, like, I've been hearing other people here. So I think my problem is different. Just opposite, I think I'm talking very generic.
Tanya Milton: and then I need to strike a right balance. So I think that's my like, say, for example, I'll just talk about my product, which is like, how do you prioritize your how did you prioritize? How do you generally prioritize? So I have a little bit stuff written here which I can just quickly read, and then you can guide me so I would love to use an example. One of the product I launched.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, I want you to answer why you want to be a Pm, we have extra time. We can talk about other like prioritization.
Tanya Milton: Okay, fine. So we are to the next one. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why do you want to become pm.
Tanya Milton: Oh, I'll.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do you have? Do you have any kind of answers ready.
Tanya Milton: In my mind. Yes, I think so, but I think I can quickly.
Tanya Milton: 10.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Who has answered to this.
Tanya Milton: Can give an attempt, though, like if you don't mind like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me see who else have the answer you can. I want people prepared anyone to answer this. You can do virtual hand.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: I can. I can answer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You guys already spoke. Okay, let me pick someone else. Sorry.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, I see who is sleeping in my class.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tanya, get ready for your next one. What sets you apart from other candidates?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, you will go for this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, let me pick someone else.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, who hasn't spoken yet.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ashwaya, why do you want to be a Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Or 8 Pm. Or whatever you want? You can you can do a you can pick.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hello! Hello!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: She's not here. Let me pick someone else. Who else is?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, Ashwaya is not here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We we show you spoke already. Mingue.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, and then the yeah, it it should be here.
明月 yang: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They should be able to do it.
明月 yang: Let me open and turn on my okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why do you want to become a Pm.
明月 yang: So.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Those again. You don't need to pick everything here. Those are inspiration. Okay, go ahead.
明月 yang: Oh,
明月 yang: I want to. I want to become a I want to be a product manager is because I want to.
明月 yang: I want to design a product from concept to final launch. Which is a
明月 yang: which is a which is a product, that customer love a lot. And I think I have great customer empathy because I have a psychology background. And I also really love to do customer intervals during my previous working as a product manager.
明月 yang: and I know the responsibility of the this job. And then also
明月 yang: I I also. I also enjoy to be the CEO of the product.
明月 yang: And I think I'm really good at communication with it with other stakeholders. And I
明月 yang: really in dry to work with cross functional teams and also lead others to complete one product.
明月 yang: and I think my personality is outgoing, and I have.
明月 yang: and the resilient, and when I face to, when I face a challenge I will think of.
明月 yang: Come up a lot of solutions to it and
明月 yang: lead the whole team to a successful product launch.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Not organized, but your your rationale is good. Okay? So now let me show you guys how to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: answer this. Okay, and your original good, your original thought process good. I know you guys are not prepared. Your original thought process is good.
明月 yang: Didn't prepare this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, I just want to show you how to add one more sentence behind it. Her original talking point is fine. She was like, oh, I want to see a product from concept execution end to end. And I also love to see customer empathy. I'm also very outgoing person. Many different things right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What you said is good. The reason you pick is good. Supporting point wasn't strong.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You said, Oh, why do you want to become? I want to see things from from 0 to one end to end of product launch
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: concept, execution. I want you to say one more thing. Why why matters to you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can describe this way because I love to see something from concept execution 0 to one, because I'm somebody who want to see bigger pictures
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for hours.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Not only a build, one piece of things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I want to see how my, how product was built and eventually impact people's lives. This end-to-end experience made me a more holistic person and also holistic leader in the long run. As well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Number 2.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And what's your number 2? I forgot. What's your number 2?
明月 yang: The customer empathy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. Customer empathy number 2, customer empathy. I have very strong customer empathy. I love
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: understanding customer needs and pain point and solve problems for them. Then, with a supporting point, why do you think you have very strong customer empathy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for example, if me, if I go out for interview again. If they show that I have very strong customer embassy, I will say this. Whatever I love, understand the customer pain point. I love solving problems for them. For example, when I create my own coaching program during my maternity leave
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I talked to over 300
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: aspiring prime managers and existing prime managers really try to understand. What exactly are they missing? What they don't have?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I know the number sounds really high, but
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I each of them is sharing me the unique pain point to help me to really deeply understand why they need what kind of help, so that I can create the best product in the market to serve the needs
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: certain right, and it was some kind of supporting point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or you can do a generic one will have very strong customer empathy. You say you can describe each time for all the product build in the past. I'm the one who always want to talk to like at least 20 different customers to understand their needs
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so that I can create the best product, have filled their pain and solve their problem from their perspective.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's like, you know some kind of supporting point.
明月 yang: Okay. So for each point, I need to see why I'm I'm good. And also I give a example of that.
明月 yang: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Exactly why you like it and why you're good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: why, you can do the job as example.
明月 yang: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Great cool. Let me go back to the what's such? A powerful e, slow down e.
Ankita Bhargava: Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
Ankita Bhargava: See this. This question about product manager is.
Ankita Bhargava: People who are aspiring to be product managers essentially.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No.
Ankita Bhargava: Okay. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Slow down!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I was asked this question before, but they modified the question for me. Let me think about how exactly
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think they asked me question. I think they pivot the question into what do you like, and not like about Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For for existing. Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see and pivot into this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you're transitioning, they will ask you this question, why do you want to become Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But they make it like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we like. Listen worst about pm, but even a senior Pm. They probably won't ask you, why do you want to become a Pm. Or they'll ask you, why do you want to be a Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why, you choose this profession like those kind of things? If a sub engineer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what? Your Senior self engineer, what? Why do you even want to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: start a software engineer career? Why do you want to be a software engineer, some something, those kind of directions. Okay, still be prepared.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So be prepared. Okay, great question. What did you perform as a candidate? Tanya.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, I want to elaborate this quickly again. I give you some potential keywords you can pick from 3 by 2. You don't need to use all of this if you don't think it's
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like it's helping you to be who you are.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But understand, this is my size interview question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Even if they don't ask you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the same way I put it here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You need some answer ready.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The the recruiters and hiring managers is asking them this question when they're talking to you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And Kita come in to interview, and she's competing with Tanya.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They were thinking about what set Kenya apart from other candidates. What set Anika apart from other candidates.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: wasn't I mean you. Apart from other candidate they are thinking about every single day. They may not say exact same thing. Okay, but you must prepare.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You must know it yourself, arson.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so that you can pull information from here. And here you can do many different ways.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, I can pull pieces. Okay, but you you must have this answer ready back in your mind
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: will make you different from other people as example.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool, Tanya, give me an answer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I understand you. You have the opposite problem. They are too technical hurt. My brain used to have nothing technical talk about. It's okay. But this there must be something such, apart from other people. Okay, so tell me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 2 min maximum, 2 min.
Tanya Milton: Well, I think that I'm a perfect candidate for this
Tanya Milton: opportunities, because I'm a perfect combination of
Tanya Milton: having a technical mindset. And also I have experience of the business side of it just to let you know I have. I'm from Hr. Tech background. So I have worked as a Hr. Have been there, I as a customer, and I very well know their pain points.
Tanya Milton: I've been there so that helps me to relate to the actual pain point of the customer. So that gives me a thinking mindset where I can actually have a problem solving approach towards any product I am building. And of course, my product management skills, which is my
Tanya Milton: technical knowledge. And I can say that I'm an expert in process automation. I've worked on various workflow automation and launching product from concept to execution. In fact, even a post launch support like adoption, toolkit. And how you deal with how do you deal with the customers and
Tanya Milton: and the employee after the product is launched. So I have seen pretty much both the sides, and that's why I think I'm a great fit.
Tanya Milton: And again. I've worked with software engineers in a scrum team. I've worked with software engineers, designers and Bas and the leadership team. So that's pretty much my everyday communication happens with the team. So yes, I think I've seen every bit of it. The aspects which is there in the product management role. And I think I have great to offer on the table.
Tanya Milton: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good, actually pretty good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Are you exact? 2 min.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I like it. Actually.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think it's pretty good. I don't. I don't want to change too much, whatever stuff. I think it's pretty good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Pretty good was because given her background with Frank
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tanya herself. She's Hr. Before Hr. Tech. She was not technical, as she said earlier herself.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but she was able to create something. Sounds like legit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, I not have new business. I I do something like, I love things end to end like what is sounds rigid.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I like it. Actually, I like it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, pick one that does suitable for you. But that sounds rigid. Seriously.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Giving your background. Create answer like this, actually great. Actually, this is great. Okay, very good at process automation whatever which is true is stay true to her also, something like, Oh, cool. You're you're really strong in Hr tech. You say, yeah, I'm good on. Hr tech. Yeah. Someone else come from us and work on
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oracle Cloud. He doesn't know. Hr. Tech. I do right as example. I think it's good. You create a really good answer. I don't want to change
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: much. Seriously. I I don't even know how to change it. I I think it's good. Okay.
Tanya Milton: Need to learn to speak
Tanya Milton: fluently, and I think I'm that's why I'm learning. Because I think I it's hard for me to memorize. And
Tanya Milton: so that's not, I'm having hard time talking with speed. So yeah, I'm learning. I think I'll get there.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm gonna do a post that everybody
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: buy one of these. This works for me. Okay, you do not know how I manage my time? When do stuff?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I time I grew. I time myself anytime I do things very efficient. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's it's pressure and lots of pressure. When you do that, but
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's a way to grow. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Just Fyi can give a try. Jack, question.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: For this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Question, okay, really, because it goes through other questions altogether. Okay, they have a question related to this question.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yes, yes. So my question is, for this question, what sets you apart from other candidates? Would.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: But would this be the same as our 30 second elevator peak.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Oh, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Very different.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is just something very unique about you, and ideally, that become
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that matching to the job. So you need to. You need to have idea regarding what job are you applying for? Oh, I'm applying for Google Cloud position. What's such a platform as a candidate, Nancy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I launched very famous cloud product
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 4 years ago. That as example, right? But if I interview for AI company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what set you apart from other people?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why, we even mention cloud product.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I launched very famous a product in the past as example. Right? So you should have some kind of idea
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: of the word product product in mind, or what jobs in mind that you what such? And then you and other people applying for the same job
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: was such a powerful as a candidate. So I have an idea of the job in mind.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Got it. So this would be like like showing your match to the position that you're applying to, and why you're a better match to this position than other candidates.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Exactly.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Thank you. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Therefore, before you go into interview, have this answer prepared.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What do you like most of these about? Pm, okay, okay. Good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Senior. Pm. Will get this question as well guarantee you people ask me this question a lot. Okay, earlier, when they need to be for director position. So why you ask me this question like the most least. Okay, they will ask you the question, do you have a volunteer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or like? Mostly it's about PM. Do I volunteer, you know, if not, medium
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what the spoke. Yeah, yeah, I see only me and heaven right? Oh, me and Sunny.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: everyone else did. Okay. Me and go ahead, I hear. Hello!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm sure. Why, I couldn't hear me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Mia is not here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Camera. Your camera is on, but your mic is off.
Minyan Jane shen: Sorry.
Minyan Jane shen: I think I
Minyan Jane shen: I will try. I think I'm not really prepared
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Minyan Jane shen: Yeah, so I like most about product management is about.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Not prepared. Do this one with strength, weakness. Okay.
Minyan Jane shen: Oh, oh, strength! Week! Oh.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Sunny, sunny. You go for this one. Would you like most and least about pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah, me and you go for the same. What's your strengths and weakness?
Minyan Jane shen: My strength my strength is that I do have technical background. I have I'm a economic Phd, and then I have worked with data, a lot. So so I think I have a strong technical background. And also then, second strength is that I'm easy going person. I would like to communicate with people.
Minyan Jane shen: and 3, rd one, I think, is also related, is like, I have great customer empathy, so that I would like to talk to customers. I also would like to work with other engineer teams to lend the whole
Minyan Jane shen: product Streamline. The one weakness would be, I don't think I have a lot of experience in product management.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Find a new one.
Minyan Jane shen: Okay,
Minyan Jane shen: so one weakness is
Minyan Jane shen: I I think.
Minyan Jane shen: I think sometimes can focus too much on details.
Minyan Jane shen: Is that okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is good over detail, oriented.
Minyan Jane shen: Yeah. So sometimes can be over detailed oriented.
Minyan Jane shen: So I think the way I can
Minyan Jane shen: improve could be definitely while I was like working on some problem, maybe definitely to communicate more with others, so that other people can remind me if I am just going into corners so that so that I can overcome this weakness.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good the 1st 3 strengths. I like it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Actually, it is your true strength. I feel it sounds so real. And if I look, yeah, that's her strengths. Of course, that kind of thing is is your strengths. I like it actually. You also have some kind of supporting point regarding, I am a very, I'm very have technical backgrounds. You have a Phd also work with data. Also, you have supporting background. It's great. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: weakness.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nobody should tell the truth of your weakness. Okay, the goal is pass interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There are lots of people out there with great
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: skills but not able to land a job.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm not saying that they're not good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm saying that they didn't say the right thing in the interview, so that they just got killed out of nowhere.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do not say my weaknesses. I don't have Pm. Experience. You should never say it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, do not say lots of things. Just say it just
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that that age make hurt. Your profile
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: over detail already is great, because over strength equals weakness. Perfect.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. But your solution, how to turn it into strength should based on past tense, past tense means.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, I'm over all over detail oriented. And because I'm I'm someone who's obsessed with all details.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But I know sometimes over data oriented will will lead to Slowdown. But here is how I have been working on this weakness for a while
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: past tense.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I always bring in my friends, whatever hold me accountable. Da da. Da. I also did this, and everything you said make a past tense
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I did in the past, and then you talk about brain into present tense. You say
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that lead to today. I was able to find a good balance between
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like enough details, make technical decision.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but not too much detail to slow down my process.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? Go in the present tense. By regarding what you are able to do today.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, ideally, you can give proof to show that you already your strength is already because of your your weakness, already become your strength. For example, one, my best one, is, what's your weakness, Nancy?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: My weakness is my English speaking skills. Oh, because I speak with accent so real, right, it's real. They trust it, it's real. And then they turn it into how I work on my English. Take English pronunciation classes, public speaking classes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Today.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I was invited. Speaker conferences every single month.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, that's before pan pandemic. Okay, a post pandemic had baby. Okay? But what post pandemics? I
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I have a Youtube Channel 1 million subscribers. I was also invited to be a guest speaker on many different podcasts. Every single month
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I became a great public speaker as example. Right? So you have a proof. I'm so much better. Speaking of conferences every single month. That's literally before pandemic. This is what I do. I'm so good. Okay, so you need to make it like, turn to strength. If you have something to prove, this is strength even better.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, good. Good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Very sincere answer. Let me Sunny, what do you like most, and least about Pm.
Sunny Youn: What I like the most about product management is the ability to build a long term product, strategy and vision to help future proof and develop a growth framework for the brand.
Sunny Youn: I've seen the benefit of good product strategy make a difference between 2 x growth and 10 x growth. I believe the right product strategy can really help influence. That. The second thing that I like about being a product manager is the fact that you can really see the satisfaction of helping customers. I've seen how effective
Sunny Youn: advertising campaigns can drive 26 to 54% more revenue for global brands like Coca-cola and Danone and General Mills, and it's truly satisfying to help customers benefit. And then the last thing I like about being a Pm. Is that you have to be on your toes all the time. There's always a different problem. You've got to be innovative and resourceful to come up with ways to compete in the market be more innovative and develop new features.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's what you like, least about pm, or would you.
Sunny Youn: But.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The last one, most.
Sunny Youn: Yeah. So I have 3 reasons what I like the most. Right? So one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But the most sounds very the 3.rd Most
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I like. We keep on your toes, can we? Can we.
Sunny Youn: Actually, I was. Gonna say, the thing I like the least is there's a lot of unpredictability. So, for example, deep sea came out with a competitive product to compete with Openai and it's not always the case that you can pivot quickly after you've put into place a product execution strategy that takes a long time to develop and re-strategize.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, okay. So we change the keywords a little bit. Always keep on on your toes and change it to what I like. 3rd thing I like most about pm, is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it always pushed me to be to work on the cutting edge
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: trend or technology something like that, instead of being on toes, because that sounds a little bit more negative, but being being pushed me to grow on the full.
Sunny Youn: Yeah. So I was saying, like, right? So always pushing to develop new innovation and features and adding in new criteria, like developing AI tools, machine learning tools to deploy against any industry. And so it really helps you be forward thinking.
Sunny Youn: So, yeah, I think. But then is the negative one. The thing I like least is that okay, like, there's always unpredictable environment and circumstances from competitors. And a lot of times product roadmaps are locked in over 6 to 9 months, or even 12 months, and it's very difficult to pivot around quickly and and change and respond to market
Sunny Youn: factors.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think it's good one, but I wouldn't use the word in terms of lock lockdown.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'll always say
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Don't say lockdown. Basically you say so. Lots of time. We spend lots of effort to create the roadmap, get exactly, buy in. And then all the competition always change that made us to like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Just push the directions. Again. That introduced lots of like a scope. Change all the things that we need to actually manage. That's something. And it's also out of control. It's all like deep sea, so good. All the all. The example introduce new model is is my right. My roadmap was perfect.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All of a sudden somebody just did something. And now I need to like Redo. The work.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So that that's fine, would you? Would you? Fine tune? Some keywords is fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: good, good! You picked the right one. Perfect. Actually, I like it. Why do you want to work in Abcd industry? Let me pick one. Why do you want to work for Abcd Company? What do you see yourself in coming a few years, and we'll talk about homework, and then we're done for today, and then I can check some of the questions we want to repeat some of the questions. Okay, now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need some volunteers. Go about what you want to work for, ABC industry. At same time, let me use the bathroom 30 seconds. Be right back.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think about if you have answers for one-on-one award for Abcd industry, one-on-one Award for Abcd Company. Okay.
Ankita Bhargava: Hey, Sunny?
Ankita Bhargava: By the time Dr. Nancy comes for your question of the least like, could could it be.
Ankita Bhargava: you know, cutting down the product at the end, despite working.
Ankita Bhargava: you know, endlessly for 9 months, 10 months, building it. And then said.
Sunny Youn: Yeah, I think she she covered that because she's basically saying there's a change in scope. So change in scope can include feature creep, which is now we suddenly had to respond to an a new competitor, or if there's a resource constraint.
Sunny Youn: so, as I did, we had hiring freeze. We can't do all the features we want, and then there's a feature prioritization. But I actually like feature prioritization. I was trying to relay the fact that product roadmaps are so planned and thought through because of the synchronization and alignment with so many cross functional teams. So the minute it changes.
Sunny Youn: it's it's very difficult to align with marketing and legal and engineering to make those changes quickly, unless you have such a flexible infrastructure that allows you to pivot quickly.
Sunny Youn: I think that's 1 of the things that I didn't like about product management is this surprises? So.
Ankita Bhargava: Maybe using the word agile might help.
Ankita Bhargava: Because I like your answer. I'm just trying to add to it.
Sunny Youn: Yeah.
Ankita Bhargava: Editable.
Sunny Youn: Well, but the thing is, there's agile scrums all the time. So we use that, anyway for prioritization. I think it's it's not. I mean. Yes, everyone uses agile. It's more the fact that there are unpredictable things out of control, that we don't have much capability to react to.
Ankita Bhargava: Got it. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Great cool. Yeah. Feel free to share advice with each other. The perfect way to grow. Anyone have prepared answer. Why do you want to work for Abcd Company or ABC. Industry.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You want to go over.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If not, we can quickly skip this, too, because because very industry specific.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but get ready for them to ask you those kind of questions. Okay, in real interview, whatever for ABC companies, straightforward, you must talk about the value of company they're proud of. So it's gonna help you to create the answer for the specific company. Do some research. Okay? Stream 2 framework, just pick something that's speak to the heart.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This one I must go live with you guys.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Where do you see yourself? In the next 3, 2, 5, 10 years
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: must ask interview question towards the final interview. Where do you see yourself in the coming 2 years or near term, long term in your career-wise?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Whatever you design should make sense in terms of natural progression of your career.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: N, it should be reasonable.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Your profession.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, anyone has. Let me pick someone randomly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: One has spoken yet. Everyone spoke right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Haven't, spoke Ashwaya. I hear.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think she's just missing in
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and Nika, your camera is on. Why don't you tell me?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Where do you see yourself in the next
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 2 years? 5 to 10 years? Right? A short term, long term. That's my point.
Ankita Bhargava: Okay, sounds good. Yeah. So I,
Ankita Bhargava: okay, Hi, Dr. Nancy, I have an engineering background. And I did my Mba after coming here. So getting a master's isn't something I'd like to do again. But 2 years from now I have a background in data management and cloud security. That's where I'd like to be, and that's where I'd like to move forward, if possible. I would like to go in the Cloud
Ankita Bhargava: data management space, and I'm already taking the Aipm boot camps. I would like to build more products that align with AI and Cloud data management together. So that's what I'd like to do. 2 years down the line 5 to 10 years.
Ankita Bhargava: I don't have an answer for that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is a mock interview. Can you give me an answer?
Ankita Bhargava: 5 to 10 years down the line. I'd certainly like to be leading a company wherein I can make a huge impact in terms of revenue, and also the kind of products that I'd like to be in. So the space again, I'd like to stay in the cloud data management space with sprinkles of Ml and AI, because that's what I've learned, and I have the skill set for. So yes, that's.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I love it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, I love it. Okay, cool. Basically, the master's no Master's degree. Yes, means a master of something skills or something. Okay. Let me show you guys why I like her answer is, both are good. Okay, so top on long term. First.st But long term you want to hit several key things you want to grow because long term, 10 years later you cannot be in Jack of all trees.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So basically, you are the leader, or CEO, maybe CEO San Suhai, or the Director, or something for Abcd. Industry
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or ABC domain.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: She also said, plus AI cloud, and with the sprinkle of AI, because that's her passion perfect. Okay, near term. She's she's more talking about to me. That's why she oh, I took your af handbook. I want to do this in interview, but but it's a good answer. It's a good answer. But in interview more making like formalized to the interviewer, you can talk about in the near term. I want to like, continue to grow my career as a senior product manager
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: of the whatever cloud, like a cloud database space. And plus AI,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because AI have been working on my AI skills right now and also start my own AI company and also get certification from Aip and boot camp. Yeah, I want to grow cloud security and and more work towards AI as well, or do the combination between Cloud and AI. That's a perfect intersection where I can leverage my strengths. So you did it. Well, I like your answer with small modification. Don't make it talking to me. Talk to the interviewer, and you can pass into it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. Okay, cool. Let me do. Let me talk about the homework quickly before I do some Q. And A, and repeat some questions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Homework. Answer all the questions in the Pm. Interview questions, database.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: random answers to sample 21 answers
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and find a marketing partner in Discors Channel.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's the key.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? All those. Okay? So answer all of those integrated. It's all in module to download. But you can get started with my simple answer, help you to write write those. But Pm. Integral questions, database also, I believe that has 60 different questions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, you should answer all of those for practice. But you have 21 some point in, so you can get started with 21 1st before you go up your numbers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, and then find someone to the mock interview. That's also critical because you can help you to implement everything I teach you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, we're here all my coaches here to help you how to improve. But you do the work right. Same thing that you are
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: your gym. You go to gym, right? You're a personal trainer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Your personal trainers train you, and besides, the time you don't work with personal trainer, you should still go to gym to work out on your own.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should do both. That's why mock interview is important, and you come to see your personal trainer
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: on in office hours. So you do combo of those. Okay, there's a homework for all of you guys. Oops, that's everything we have. If you have any feedback, let me know. I love to update our content.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, let me take some quick questions. Tanya and Jack and Sunny. And I'm gonna also gonna review your repositioning product question. Okay? Tanya question, what's your question?
Tanya Milton: So, Dr. Nancy, we were just now talking about AI products. Right? So I just want to understand if we are being interviewed for a traditional Pm role
Tanya Milton: these days. Mostly many. All the products are AI powered right? So when we're talking about this Gen. AI world, and then AI powered. And then AI agent. So I want to understand us to strike the right balance.
Tanya Milton: Do we need to like if I'm being interviewed as a traditional pm, right, but I still want to say that. Oh, I want to. I know where we are. We heading to. Right? So how much to talk and how much not to talk like if you can just share a little bit of insight, because
Tanya Milton: maybe I can just talk. Say, Hey, I want to learn building AI agents right? But then I am not technical, so should we even attempt it, or like, we can just say that, hey, I work on an AI powered product, and in future I look forward to gain some more understanding of Llm. And rag and stuff like that. So what exactly these days should be our approach. When we are a traditional pm, aipm, I understand we need to go deeper. But this is very specific. If we are being interviewed for a traditional Pm. Role.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 1st of all, you shouldn't say in the future. I want to understand. Lm, that's by default. Everyone needs to understand today.
Tanya Milton: But.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For traditional. Pm, you interview for the website.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need someone to design the e-commerce website for Zara
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: closing brand right straightforward. Even even the website. I think this AI element AI shop website. Okay, then, let's say, there's a very few product that does not have AI element to it today. So, therefore I will. I will talk about the let's say, let's say, website, Zara website, right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Huh?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ever since A and all this I need to. And let me find a
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: everything. Has AI any product give me. I can add AI element to it. Okay. But anyway, it's just like, just for the, for the for the website. Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if I interview for the role, I would describe the following,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and I understand the traditional Pmo for for website, for Zara, the the closing brand.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The role is, hire me to design the user experience on this website. Right now, I know how in the near term, how to design this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: bread and butter. I know this very well. In the, in the midterm and long term. I do want to look into some AI solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because that is potentially going to grow. Our website traffic have even better and more more advanced user experience on our website. Currently, I have been like building my own AI agent and taking AI like Aipm certifications right now, so that when the company is ready I'm ready to take on bigger scope of work.
Tanya Milton: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, you can phrase that way whenever you are ready, I'm ready. But even if you don't ask me a personal interest, I've been working on AI Asian and doing my own certification. When you're ready, I'm ready.
Tanya Milton: Got it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's the best way for traditional pm, approach Erin's adding some ais nowadays
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's everywhere, and it's crazy. Crazy. Okay, Jack, question.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Yes, so my question is for the the one to 2 year and also 5 year plan for oneself and then, my question is, can we say, like, you know, in 5 to 10 years.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: I plan to, you know, start my own company, because, like, you know. In product manager career, I can learn how to launch a product end to end, and that would be helpful for future entrepreneurial attempt for me. Would that be an appropriate answer? Because, like, I was just thinking from the interviewer's perspective, if they recruit you, they want you to stay in the company, and then, you know, work for the company.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Thank you both.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, not 5 to 10 years, I would say 10 plus years is fine. 5 years sounds really short to my own company. 10 year. I don't mind if I'm the business owner
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? And then my team, Mala, come in. What do you want to do? 5 years later I want to start my own company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then, 10 years ago, one time I come, the other. Yeah, kind of far out.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So say what you said, but long longer, sometime in the future, when I start my own company always I always admire to be, aspire, to be entrepreneur, create my own impact, lead the team. 10 years later, after gaining all the skill set, I'd love to become Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Episode. I'd love to become entrepreneur
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right and then near term or master. Pm. Skill, like 5 years, also want to be the leader of something, whatever different thing. 10 plus years I want. I hope I can start my own company. That's that's that's that's safe.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Hmm, got it? Got it that makes sense. And then, yeah, thank you. And then, my next question is also regarding this. I was just not sure like what
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: the intention of this question is. Cause like, if I'm the interviewer, I'm just thinking like, I just want a capable person who can, you know, do the job of product management. And then you know, a pretty good work, ethic and everything. But why would they care like what your long term personal.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They want. They want someone to grow with the company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I asked the same question. Anybody who who interviews my company
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: same thing. When I was a director I asked people this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in my team, and when I interview for director, people still ask me the same question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Now I've had my team ask people the same question as well now, and I have deep understanding why nowadays, because we want people to grow with the company.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Hmm! So is there maybe like a specific element that they're looking for when they're asking that just like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They want your growth path to match the company growth path, for example. Sometime in the future. Hopefully, you can. Oh, 10 years down. The, let's say, interviews really become a Google.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So 10 years later, I want to.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: really be the leader of one of the key like product initiative within Google.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Because they want you to grow with with the company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? You cannot say. 10 years later I want to become CEO. Right? So you want to do well, 10 years later, want to interview with Verizon. I forgot what I said 10 years later. I wish I were already director by them because they need some director 10 years later. Right? So your growth should match the growth with the company. They're looking for.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Got it? Got it? Yeah, thank you. My last question is, what are some of the red flags? When answering this question like. Well, there's something we don't say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The red flag is your your growth doesn't match the company growth.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? I said something so stupid earlier when I interviewed, because I can add many interviews. I went out to interview with some CEO of the company or some startup. 2 friends I don't really care. I joined them or not, but I also understand why they, after the CEO around interviews, they never made me offer. They said something so funny. Then they asked me the question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nancy, if I give you 1 million dollars. Oh, sorry! 10 million dollars! What would you do? I said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I will keep 1 million to myself and donate 9 million dollars to nonprofit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They were like, why, and then I had like whole thing about nonprofit. And I'm very big on all the nonprofit like. Seriously, I'm big on this, and I will give my money away before I made money. I always give money. I give long stories. I would like to tell the CEO. There's 9 million dollars, you know, so many people need help. I have a series. I'm going to give this kind of organization. Take all the stuff, and it's like all the random stuff they were like. So shocked.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You give her 10 million dollars. She's keep 1 million to herself, another 9 million to other people. Oh, I thought she would just like, like, create an amazing technology like start her own company doing some crazy stuff. She's more like, Do
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: be a philanthropist like crazy stuff, and then she like. Then she couldn't make me an offer just so weird when she joined the company. What she want to do like. So your your career paths
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: needs align with a company past. That's what we're looking for.
Kuanglin (Jack) Zhang: Got it. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, that's that's like, so awkwardly, okay. Now, reflect, I wouldn't hire someone like that if I asked this question in my company
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: me and question.
Minyan Jane shen: I think one question is, add on this one. So for, like the short term ones, should we say something specific to the company that we are interviewing like, Oh, in 2 years I would like to lead certain products, for example, but related to this company.
Minyan Jane shen: Okay? So or like, okay. Another question, I guess, is like you mentioned about this 2 min role. And then are this are, is this 2 min role specific for like this this round, higher manager
Minyan Jane shen: round or like, because, like the in later ones, when, like there are
Minyan Jane shen: when we talk about cases, does this 2 min a row also.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Behavior, interview, all behaviour.
Minyan Jane shen: Behaviour.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And it's, yeah, yeah, okay, cases are very long.
Minyan Jane shen: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool no problem.
Vishal Bhoir: Dr.
Vishal Bhoir: Actually, 1 1 more question like in in the resume, like we are adding, you know, the project which we did for AI boot camp as a startup.
Vishal Bhoir: But many, many companies. When we interview they ask you about that, because I'm not sure whether it is giving a negative impression in front of them whether you're parallelly working on a startup, even though you are currently employed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh!
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think is okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you do the Aipm bookcam, because that's the only way. Let's say your traditional Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You want to break into AI. That's the only way for people to break into. AI. Let me tell you how right in your current job. There's no opportunity. You have to do a side project break into AI
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and AI is so hot right now, everyone can do some AI startup. No problem.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because that's the only way to break into AI, right? And let's say you are
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: doing cloud. Pm, you want to continue to grow a cloud. Pm. Track
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? And then I wouldn't say I have like a startup on the side. It's kind of awkward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So think about your how your star story is going to fit into the story
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you want to tell to the interviewer.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Sense to you, Michelle.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah. But I guess there are some positions in companies which doesn't
Vishal Bhoir: need AI background. But I feel like AI as an and
Vishal Bhoir: like advantage, profile, kind of thing. If we submit the resume with the AI experience and the AI startup.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, I see you should. You should definitely add it. Yeah.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. But they might be having an impression like, you know, the current position which they are hiring doesn't need AI. But this guy is having AI background as well as he is doing startup. So that should not.
Vishal Bhoir: No, it's fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's fine, because during the interview they will definitely ask you, are you still working on your AI startup? Are you once in a job. I continue working on it. You're like, Oh, this is my AI startup, because, you know the hype of AI. I'm very excited. I started working on AI startup. But my scope is very small because a small startup, I'd rather join a bigger company and create the AI startup in-house for the company to impact lots of people. So I don't plan to continue my startup. Once I land this ABC job.
Vishal Bhoir: So you, you say, like that right? I will not continue my startup if I get the job.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All they care is, are you going to have 2 jobs? Once you start your job, your full-time job.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay.
Vishal Bhoir: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They want your full dedication to your new job instead of having multiple jobs.
Vishal Bhoir: So you can say, like, this is my like, part, time, weekend kind of activity working on the startup. Will that? Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right now. Yes, but after you learn in your job you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to stop it, because you feel it better to put your effort into your new company to create amazing, impressive AI product or any product to impact more people's life because your company is not scalable.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay? So they would say, like, you know, since this is your dream kind of passion working on this startup, you are easily giving up on that. Just for this position.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, you say no, because I'm going to work on AI product within the new job.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. And you can.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Company.
Vishal Bhoir: That new job doesn't have AI background. So.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Eventually they'll have it. Right? So
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let's say, it's a cloud cloud in Google, right? What company does have? AI think about it?
Vishal Bhoir: There are some banks who doesn't really yet.
Vishal Bhoir: Unfortunately.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think they get it replaced soon.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's say you join Citibank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We don't use AI today. AI replace people's jobs. We don't do AI,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you're doing whatever cloud product for AI Cloud product for Citibank right now and then you have an AI startup on the side. They'll ask you. Oh, tell me more about AI Startup. Oh, do the weekend thing I'm trying to fulfill my passion is, Oh, what are you going to do after you land this job?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And said, Yeah, I want to fully dedicate into my new job. And close my startup. And the reason is, I found out my startup is not as scalable.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And there's a big differences between scaling a product versus starting a product
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: which is true. You can start a project. Don't make money, you close it down
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right straightforward. And I discovered this. My startup is not scalable, so not scalable, the return investment is low. So therefore, I like to focus on the companies that have bright futures or can create product impact millions of people's lives.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And eventually, hopefully, if there's any internal opportunity work on AI product that'll be even better.
Vishal Bhoir: You can see it this way.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay, okay, okay.
Vishal Bhoir: thank you. Another one is like, you know, the 3 phase you know, launch, say, like end to end ideation. Mvp and launch right since my background is mostly in corporate wearing.
Vishal Bhoir: we. Whatever I have done is mostly kind of A, b 2 b, you know, wearing, I take ideation, Mvp, but there is no per se launch, because it was mostly used by the employees in the company.
Vishal Bhoir: So what should we describe more in the launch phase.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Your customer is the internal employee of the customer. During the Gtm. When I launched this Abcd workflow application for our end customers, we use the following Gtm approach in 3 phases, phase number one, we decide to test out within a small group of as employees, like a sales department employee within the company.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then it was in phase 2, where, after we 6 received 90% success of the sales department, we went to. I don't know
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: customer support department, or
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we went to the entire department within the entire company. So all employees using that and phase 3 will continue to provide end-to-end lifecycle support, such as
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: training maintenance. To ensure that this product is successful after launch, as well.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay, that's helpful. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Say something like that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, cool. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Great sunny. Let me review your
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: reposition, your product. And then.
Sunny Youn: I'm not so sure how often that question will be asked, so I prepared it also to answer, what's been your most challenging project.
Sunny Youn: So.
Sunny Youn: thank you for that question. I think one of the recent examples of how I was able to reposition a product was shifting the go to market strategy from teaching our customers how to or selling them fish, but to teaching them how to fish for themselves as the global head of marketing analytics at Amazon. We were focused on delivering marketing analytics services
Sunny Youn: as a dedicated work for hire custom reporting, and we shifted them into positioning it as a self service analytics tool.
Sunny Youn: The reason that we did this is because we were hiring analysts, and our team had ballooned to 150. And yet there was a backlog of incoming requests. As a result of some data analysis, we found 60% of these incoming requests were very similar.
Sunny Youn: and in addition, it was very difficult for our analysts to handle scaling globally, meaning. It was very difficult for someone in the Us. To solve Japanese account team questions, and also Turkey, because of the language problems and not understanding the local market. And last, but not least.
Sunny Youn: There was some element of wanting to deliver career growth to our data scientist teams because they were doing the same problems over and over again. So in alignment with the sales, teams and engineering resources and go to market.
Sunny Youn: We redesigned our services as a thought leadership and training program where we would teach our clients and their data science teams how to use the analytic templates that we created for them to solve for some of their marketing
Sunny Youn: performance, reporting by themselves. And it was very successful, because in the end it was a business transformation where we were able to free up resources and also drive customer satisfaction by teaching customers how to learn how to use their own analytic tools.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Thank you.
Sunny Youn: Long winded. But I mean, the point was, I was. I didn't want to get technical based on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Feedback.
Sunny Youn: From earlier.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: His job.
Sunny Youn: A change in go to market positioning. So instead of selling them fish, we're teaching you how to fish. Before there was a bottleneck we had a backlog of like a thousand questions, and it's the same question from different countries how to improve the return on investment, etc, etc.
Sunny Youn: So instead of hiring more people, and anyway, we had a hiring freeze. So we were also backlogged from an operation standpoint.
Sunny Youn: So we needed to. So the context, if we didn't reposition, we wouldn't be able to deliver what we promised, anyway, that we had to reposition it in order to continue to satisfy our client. Needs
Sunny Youn: and clients were also hiring their own data science teams, and it gave them a lot of privilege to say they partnered and completed a Amazon certification course to help with their own career, growth and enhancement. Those.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should add this Amazon's vacation course whatever to to original talk track as well. I like it.
Sunny Youn: Yeah. And then, actually, it was successful in the end, because the positioning became part of our
Sunny Youn: incentive program for agencies as a thought leadership component of negotiating global contracts.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. I like it.
Sunny Youn: Oh, good!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I like it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: To frank your explanation. Make it better.
Sunny Youn: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is a way to add some of the keywords there. Not all of it.
Sunny Youn: Yeah, I think it's more natural when I explain well, so I think it has been powerful
Sunny Youn: to give the context. If you don't have the solution. There's a big problem.
Sunny Youn: And I learned that from previous feedback. So
Sunny Youn: I think stating, getting to the point, which is, it's about shifting the mindset from dedicated service to self-service.
Sunny Youn: the bottleneck, and then self.
Sunny Youn: certification is, it was the key shift in the product. So that's what I wanted to quickly get to the point instead.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should, you should use the keywords you said I was able to shift
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: from, like whatever everything in-house into self serve, and also ship the bottleneck to whatever new keywords you said say this at the beginning I was able to do the foreign chain. 2 things. 2 things here is how I did it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, you you pick better keywords later on, when you expand this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And I can, so that you will make the contrast more obvious.
Sunny Youn: Right. And so that's the thing, even though they don't ask this question about how did you reposition a product? If the question is, what's the most challenging
Sunny Youn: problem that you have faced. This was actually very challenging because you had to align with the sales team. You had to get the
Sunny Youn: marketing team, because before it's like we'll serve you a black box solution. Any question you have, we'll solve it for you, and they don't need to know to now we're going to train you to learn how to pull your own data and analyze it for yourself. So there needed to be alignment from marketing. And then engineering.
Sunny Youn: I mean, it's the same data warehouse. But we had to build a an Api Hub
Sunny Youn: that had the applications built into it instead of
Sunny Youn: basically, the scientists like pulling the data and regurgitating the report over and over again. There's no satisfaction either. The senior level people are like, again, another baby diaper report.
Sunny Youn: Oh, my God! So even for internal career growth prospects, it was
Sunny Youn: shifting the execution to self-service product and
Sunny Youn: allowing data scientists to focus on the edge cases that were truly unique and intellectually challenging. While shifting the operations to self serve automation. So I think, from a.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's.
Sunny Youn: Standpoint. It. It covered many things right, the career growth, the resource, allocation, customer and cross functional.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: To answer the most challenging question. You cannot use
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the original like the script, we need to change it a little bit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can you? Can you answer, use the same story to answer? What's your most challenging project? Work on
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 2 min.
Sunny Youn: One of the most challenging questions was to design a go to market strategy that could shift the product positioning from dedicated self to self service, delivery.
Sunny Youn: And
Sunny Youn: the most challenging thing was to align with cross functional teams in sales, marketing, and engineering, to design an operational workflow and sales rhythm that enabled customers to pull the data and find out their marketing science
Sunny Youn: recommendations by themselves
Sunny Youn: and enable them to develop thought, leadership and training with their own sales with their own analysts versus facing the bottleneck of not being able to hire enough resources to satisfy the tremendous demand and need for
Sunny Youn: questions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should still use the Grail framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, the most challenging thing I had was the background information. When I was working on whatever creating Amazon, creating whatever data science, back box solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this was the most challenging one was because I focus on self-serve to change everything to self-serve with limited resources. And then how I do it is, I decided, Abcd things.
Sunny Youn: yeah, after. So the hardest thing for me is deciding which framework for which question because I have so many frameworks memorized, now, I don't know which one to apply.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This one, tell me a time is always Grail framework.
Sunny Youn: Okay, for behavioral.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: True behavior. Right? So if they ask you what is the most challenging product you work on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then it is the 3 by 2 framework which is similar to what you said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But except you didn't tell us.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what product do you work on?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So yeah, the most challenging product I work on is Amazon. Whatever database transitioning product. And at Amazon we are serving fortunate companies, data scientists to do ABC things. We balloon our team. It's so successful. White boxing solution with group 150 people. But
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: there there is. But it was the most challenging thing to do was because whatever you said.
Sunny Youn: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then another team to execute you can. You can cut through the all the it's 3 by 2 framework. But you need to add the context, what product you work on.
Sunny Youn: Yeah, yeah, so it's the analytic marketing reporting, and decisioning.
Sunny Youn: so typically, yes, so historically, we would have dedicated black box, scientists doing whatever the client asks. And we found out 60% of the questions were similar globally, and our analysts weren't capable of
Sunny Youn: localizing it to 16 global markets from Brazil to Japan. And there was also bottleneck because of the tremendous demand for these custom services. So we shifted the responsibility to customers by enabling sales teams to train and certify
Sunny Youn: clients, data, science teams to pull the report themselves.
Sunny Youn: Something like that.
Sunny Youn: I have to write it down.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It done.
Sunny Youn: Yeah, the concepts are kind of there, you know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: write it down. I think your 1st version is better, except you didn't tell us the context.
Sunny Youn: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, he's true.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Write it down, organize a little bit.
Sunny Youn: It was. I mean, the main context is the hiring freeze. It was a bottleneck, so
Sunny Youn: I mean, you could say that people wanted to I mean the clients wanted it, but it was more internally driven than externally driven. But anyway, it turned out to be satisfying to the clients because they wanted to train their own people and up level them.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, you can just say, well, we created such amazing ABC data product. However, due to internal reason, Amazon has hiring freezes, you know lots of big time hiring freeze.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We. We cannot meet our fulfillment, and as some data we have over 100 customers sign up, we're not able to meet their meet, their or fulfill what we promised to do.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And and on top of that we also start to explore different opportunities, and we discover 4 new things. Number one. The clients want to grow the data science team number 2,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 80 or 60% of the tickets
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: coming from from 16 different countries. We just couldn't support it. Number 3.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, with others, I decided to say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: fully reposition, a product from black box solution into self-serve.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So that they can make it like the Radha.
Sunny Youn: Yeah, I think black box is better than dedicated.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah.
Sunny Youn: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, your black box solution sounds sounds great.
Sunny Youn: It's easier to. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Understand.
Sunny Youn: Okay. Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No problem. Yeah. Just organize the answer. You'll be good. Okay, great
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool. Looks like, answer all my questions. Great and best luck. Everybody for upcoming interview feel free to come to our additional office. I'll review answers as well for anybody. Please attend my tomorrow. Monday, one Pm. Est Webinar feedback session. We we need to completely redesign the webinar. I want to hear your feedback. Okay, great, cool, cool. All right. Good night. See, you guys, let us know how we can improve the teaching.
Vishal Bhoir: Thank you. Last question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh!
Vishal Bhoir: If there is a hiring freeze all across different companies. Right? We are still seeing posting, say, like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, no, no! Hiring freeze was 2 years ago.
Vishal Bhoir: Nothing. In. 7.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There's no hiring freeze right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: People still hire me right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as we're speaking, Google men are still interviewing people right now, even if they announced layoff it just. It's not hiring freeze 2 years ago, not right now.
Vishal Bhoir: Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Vishal Bhoir: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: alright! No problem. Talk to you guys soon bye. Oh, we shall join. Are you able to join me tomorrow? I want to hear your
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: idea.
Vishal Bhoir: Sorry, what sorry, what.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: One Pm. Webinar design, session.
Vishal Bhoir: Tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. Tomorrow.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. Make sure. Rsvp, there. So my team will send you the Zoom link okay, great cool talk soon,
Vishal Bhoir: Cool, cool.
Ankita Bhargava: Hey? Dr. Nancy, I am. I am brand new to this program, and we've been trying to Christine, Christine or Mala had sent you a message on getting this call earlier. The one to one session, and the earliest I found was February 28.th
Ankita Bhargava: Is there any way that I can pick your brain for 20 min before that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: My calendar should be open before that they should send you a different link.
Ankita Bhargava: They said. They're waiting for your approval. So that's why I'm because I have to interview on Tuesday so I I want the best that I can do from my side. I'm not ready for it, and I don't want that job, but I still wanna try my best.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me see my calendar and get back to my team.
Ankita Bhargava: Good. Thank you so much, and have a great day. Bye, bye.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No problem, bye.